KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS : PROP RSTR P
That the undersigned owners constituting a majority of lots 1 thru 46, being all
of TREMAINE PARK, a subdivision of Maricopa County. Arizona, according to the plat
of record in the office of the County Recorder of Maricopa County, Arizona in Book
116 of Maps, page 36 thereof;
and desiring to establish the nature of the use and enjoyment thereof, hereby makes
a declaration to amend the original document declaring said premises subject to the
following express covenants, stipulations and restrictions as to the use and enjoyment thereof, all of which are to be construed as restrictive covenants running with
the title to said premises and with each and every part and parcel thereof, to-wit:
The foilowing restrictions shall not effect those structures in existence prior to
January 1, 1982 hereof and thereafter.
1. AlI of said lots are residential lots only and no dwellings shall be
erected having less than 1600 square feet of living area exclusive of open porches,
pergolas, or attached carports or garage and must be of new and approved marerials
A 40 foot setback from the front lot line must be maintained with a 20 foot set back
on the side lines, except existing structures on lots 11, 12, and 13.
2. None of said lots shall be resubdivided into lots smaller than nor conveyed
or encumbered in less than one (1) commercial acre, EXCEPT lot 13, which shall not be
conveyed in less than its original dimensions.
3. No garage or other building whatsoever shall be erected on any of said
lots until a dwelling house shall have been erected. Prior to the erection, or after
the erection of such dwelling house, no garage or other outbuilding shall be used for
residential purposes; provided, however, that this restriction shall not prevent the
inclusion of a guest or servant quarters in such garage or other outbuilding.
4. Al1 dwellings used for residential purposes shall install flush toilets, and
all bathrooms, toilets or sanitary conveniences shall be inside the buildings permitted
hereunder. Until such time as sewers may be available, all bathrooms, toilets and
sanitary conveniences shall be connected to septic tanks and cesspools constructed
in accordance with requirements and standards of the County and State laws, rules and
regulations and in accordance with sound engineering, safety, and health practices.
5. No structure will be commenced or erected on any of said lots until the design and location of said structure and the kind of materials to be used in such structure have been approved, in writing, by a committee of three (3) persons who are lot
owmers elected by a majority of lot owners of said lots in said Tremaine Park.
Any two of the members of such committee may pass upon such design, location and
kind of materials. In the event that there is no committee in existence or in the
event such committee fails to approve or disapprove sach design and location, or the
kind of materials to be used in such construction within thirty (30) days after
written request to do so, then such approval of the committee will not be required;
provided the design, location and kind of materials and the buildings to be built on
said lot shall be in harmony with existing buildings and structures in the immediate
vicinity in said subdivision, and said buildings shall be governed by all of the restrictions herein set forth, including all existing county codes and ordinances for
construction established by Maricopa County or Municipality.
6. No trailer shall be used for dwelling purposes, except during construction
of a permanent dwelling; But in no condition or circu stance, ionger than one year.
No trailer larger than a caping trailer shall be stored on any lot. If any part of
this paragraph is in conflict with the State, County or City regulations, the State,
County, and City regularions will prevail.
7. Domestic livestock may be kept and maintained for the use and enjoyment of
the owners. provided the lot contains an area of over 35,000 square feet, except for
lot 13. No livestock shall be kept and/or maintained for commercial purposes. The
19820624_DKT_16110_771_6
Page 2 DRT16110s 772
Maintenance of all domestic livestock shall be maintained in sanitary conditions as
to eliminate excessive noxious odors.
8. Lots will be maintained free of accumulations of materials which are known
junk material as defined by the 1969 Amended Zoning Ordinance for the unincorporated
area of Maricopa County. Definition of junk material shall include but not be limited
as
to:
a
Any old or scrap copper, brass, rope, rags, batteries, paper trash, wood,
rubber debris, waste, or junked, dismantled or wrecked automobiles, or
parts thereof, iron steel, and other old or scrap ferrous or non-ferrous
material.
9. COMMUNITY MAINTENANCE All lots shall be kept in such a state as to display
clean appearance, clear of excessive weeds and lot maintained as to present a sense
of community pride. Furthermore:
A. All trash cans shall be removed from the street unless maintained in an
approved garbage can enclosure.
B. There shall be nc burning of trash, garbage, plastic, or wiring for any
purpose whatsoeverC. All irrigation easements, front easements and utility easements will be
kept free of such accumulations of weeds or trash to eliminate an eye-sore and fire
hazard, or to impair the flow of irrigation water.
D. Landscaping of the front yard shall be completed within one (1) year of
occupancy.
E. All irrigated lots must have Unofficial Document sufficient size around irrigated land
to keep all irrigation water on said property and off of the road or road easement.
The foregoing restrictions and covenants run with the land and shall be binding on all
persons owning any of said lots in TREMAINE PARK until January 15, 1985, at which
time said covenants shall be automatically extended for successive period of three (3)
years each, unless by vote, from time to time, of a majority of then owners of the
said lots in said TREMAINE PARK is agreed to change the said covenants in whole or in
part.
Deeds of conveyance of said property, or any part thereof, may contain the above re
strictions and covenants with reference to this document, but whether or not such
reference is made in such deeds, or any part thereof each and all of such restrictive
covenants shall be valid and binding upon the respective grantees. Violations of any
one or more of such covenants may be restricted by any court of competent jurisdiction and damages awarded against such violations, provided, however, that a violation
of these restrictive covenants or any one of them shall not effect the lien of any
mortgage now of record, or which hereafter may be placed of record, upon said lots,
or any part thereof.
io
Invalidation of any of these covenants or restrictions by jucgement of court order
shall in no way affect any of the other provided provisions, which shall remain
full force and effect.
The foregoing restrictions, conditions and covenants shall supersede any and all
restrictions, conditions and covenants recorded prior to this date.
The following restrictions shall not effect those structures in existence prior to
January 1, 1982 hereof and thereafter.
