<A>     Board MembersKate Brophy McGee, Chair, District 3Debbie Lesko, Vice Chair, District 4Mark Stewart, District 1Thomas Galvin, District 2Steve Gallardo, District 5 County ManagerJen Pokorski Clerk of the BoardJuanita Garza Meeting LocationSupervisors' Auditorium205 W. JeffersonPhoenix, AZ 85003 "The mission of Maricopa County is to provide regional leadership and fiscally responsible, necessary public services to its residents so they can enjoy living in healthy and safe communities”  FORMAL MEETINGSUMMARY BOARD OF SUPERVISORSMaricopa County, Arizona(and the Boards of Directors of the Flood Control District, Library District,Improvement Districts and/or Board of Deposit) Wednesday, May 06, 20269:30 AM  BOARD OF SUPERVISORS - JUNTA DE SUPERVISORES 1.ROLL CALL - LISTA The Board of Supervisors of Maricopa County, Phoenix, Arizona, convened in Formal Session at 9:30 AM on Wednesday, May 6, 2026, in the Supervisors' Auditorium 205 W. Jefferson Phoenix, AZ 85003, with the following members present:  Kate Brophy McGee, Chair, District 3; Debbie Lesko, Vice Chair, District 4; Mark Stewart, Supervisor, District 1; Thomas Galvin, Supervisor, District 2; Steve Gallardo, Supervisor, District 5. Also present: Juanita Garza, Clerk; Mia Vargas, Minutes Coordinator (remote); Jen Pokorski, County Manager; Brooke Worcester, Legal Counsel.  2.INVOCATION - INVOCACIÓN INVOCATION - INVOCACIÓN 3.PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - JURO FIDELIDAD A LA BANDERA 4.PET SHOWCASE BY MARICOPA COUNTY ANIMAL CARE AND CONTROL - PRESENTACIÓN DE ANIMALES DOMESTICOS POR EL DEPARTAMENTO DE CONTROL Y CUIDADO DE ANIMALES PRESENTATIONS - PRESENTACIÓNES 5.2026 MARICOPA COUNTY STORMWATER POLLUTION PREVENTION POSTER CONTEST Acknowledgment of 3rd/4th and 5th/6th-grade winners of the 2026 Maricopa County Stormwater Poster Contest. (C-88-26-018-X-00) PLANNING AND ZONING HEARINGS - AUDIENCIAS DE PLANIFICACIÓN Y DESARROLLO***The Board of Supervisors will now consider matters related to Planning and Zoning.*** PLANNING AND ZONING CONSENT HEARINGS - AUDIENCIAS DE CONSIENTA 6.DOMRES 90 Case #: MCP250001 (Supervisorial District: 4) Applicant and Owner: Jack Gilmore - Gilmore Planning and Architecture / Speedworld, LLC Request: Military Compatibility Permit (MCP) with a Plan of Development (POD) for outdoor industrial storage in the Rural-43 MAAMF zoning district Site Location: Generally located between 199th Ave. on the west and 195th Ave. on the east, on both the north and south sides of Frontier Dr. in the Wittmann area Commission Recommendation:  On 4/9/26, the Commission voted 8-0 (motion by Commissioner Toma, D4, seconded by Commissioner Rochwalik D3) to adopt a motion recommending the Board of Supervisors approve MCP250001 subject to conditions ‘a’ -‘g’.  a. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the Site Plan entitled “Domres 90 Site Plan“, consisting of 2 full-size sheets, dated January 2026, except as modified by the following conditions. Staff may determine slight refinements to remain in substantial conformance with the approved site plan.  Minor and major amendments to the site plan will be determined in accordance with Chapter 3 of the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance. b. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the Narrative Report entitled “Application for Military Compatibility Permit for Domres 90”, consisting of 35 pages, dated August 13, 2025, except as modified by the following conditions. c. The following Planning Engineering conditions shall apply: 1. Engineering review of planning and/or zoning cases is for conceptual design only. All development and engineering design shall be in conformance with Section 1205 of the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance; Drainage Policies and Standards; Floodplain Regulations for Maricopa County; MCDOT Roadway Design Manual; and current engineering policies, standards and best practices at the time of application for construction.2. Based on the conceptual design nature of the information submitted, changes to the site layout may be necessitated by the final engineering design of the site’s drainage infrastructure. 3. Maricopa County does not supply water, fire or sewer services. It is the applicant/owner’s responsibility to coordinate and secure water, fire and sewer services for this site. 4. Sealed final Grading and Drainage (Site Infrastructure) Plans and Sealed Final drainage report must be submitted with the application for Building Permits5. Lintel openings and calculations with final drainage report at building permit phase shall have 50% clogging factor. Flows shall represent the 100yr flows. 6. All channels shall have 1 foot of freeboard. 7. Drainage and private access easements shall be dedicated for this site in accordance with the DPSM. Recordation must be provided prior to building permit issuance. 8. Percolation methods for retention basins shall be provided to drain entire basin within 36hours. 9. Roadway- 195TH Avenue- Maintain/dedicate the 55’ ROW. 10. Roadway- Frontier Drive shall remain private roadway but driveway connection to 195th Ave shall be per MCDOT Roadway design manual. 11. An updated traffic impact study is required for each additional new use and must be approved by MCDOT. d. The following Rural-43 MAAMF standards shall apply: 1. Setbacks: 195th Ave – 40’, 199th Ave – 40’, South MCP Boundary – 40’, North MCP Boundary – 20’, Interior lot lines, noise contours, APZ2, and Frontier Dr. – 0’2. Screening: Minimum 6' solid wall along MCP perimeter3. Paving: Pavement off 195th Ave (Frontier Dr.) then stabilized milled asphalt e. All buildings subject to noise attenuation as per ARS § 28-8482(B).  f. Prior to issuance of a building permit, written confirmation will be required from the emergency fire protection jurisdiction having authority that the facility has been designed in accordance with their regulations and requirements, and that emergency fire protection service will be provided to the facility. Prior to issuance of the certificate of occupancy, local fire protection jurisdiction review and approval will be required. g. The granting of this change in use of the property has been at the request of the applicant, with the consent of the landowner.  The granting of this approval allows the property to enjoy uses in excess of those permitted by the zoning existing on the date of application, subject to conditions.  In the event of the failure to comply with any condition, the property may be considered for revocation to the zoning that existed on the date of application.  It is, therefore, stipulated and agreed that either revocation due to the failure to comply with any conditions, does not reduce any rights that existed on the date of application to use, divide, sell or possess the property and that there would be no diminution in value of the property from the value it held on the date of application due to such revocation of the MCP.  The MCP Development enhances the value of the property above its value as of the date the MCP is granted and reverting to the prior zoning results in the same value of the property as if the MCP had never been granted. (C-44-26-100-X-00) Motion to concur with the Planning Commission recommendation for approval subject to conditions ‘a’ through ‘g’ by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Thomas Galvin Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  7.OFF 17 NORTH STORAGE Case #: SU250007 (Supervisorial District: 4) Applicant and Owner:  Shaine T. Alleman, Tiffany & Bosco, P.A. / North Pioneer Road Storage, LLC  Request: Special Use Permit (SUP) for commercial storage and outdoor parking of recreation vehicles, boats, and travel trailers on a Rural-43 zoned parcel Site Location: Generally located 3,000’ northwest of I-17 and Daisy Mountain Dr. in the Anthem area Commission Recommendation: On 4/9/26, the Commission voted 7-1(motion by Commissioner Toma D4, seconded by Commissioner Leighton D4) to adopt a motion recommending the Board of Supervisors approve SU250007 subject to conditions ‘a’ -‘i’. a. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the Site Plan entitled “Off-17 RV and Boat Storage”, consisting of 3 full-size sheets, dated October 29, 2025 except as modified by the following conditions. Staff may determine slight refinements to remain in substantial conformance with the approved site plan. Minor and major amendments to the site plan will be determined in accordance with Chapter 3 of the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance. b. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the Narrative Report entitled “Off 17 North Storage”, consisting of 7 pages, dated July 2025, except as modified by the following conditions. c. This special use permit is valid for a period of 10 years and shall expire on May 6, 2036 or upon termination of the use for a period of 90 or more days, whichever occurs first. All site improvements associated with the special use permit shall be removed within 90 days of such expiration or termination of use. d. Prior to construction permitting the applicant shall provide documentation from the Arizona State Land Department showring legal access to the site. e. The following Planning Engineering conditions shall apply: 1. First-Flush retention volumes must be provided prior to building permit issuance. First-flush volume must be drained through infiltration.2. Work within the Deadman Wash SFHA will require a Floodplain Use Permit issued concurrently with the Building Permit through PND.3. Applicant is responsible for procuring any required permissions needed for site access and access improvements.4. Engineering review of planning and/or zoning cases is for conceptual design only. All development and engineering design shall be in conformance with Section 1205 of the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance; Drainage Policies and Standards; Floodplain Regulations for Maricopa County; MCDOT Roadway Design Manual; and current engineering policies, standards and best practices at the time of application for construction.5. Based on the conceptual design nature of the information submitted, changes to the site layout may be necessitated by the final engineering design of the drainage infrastructure.6. Detailed Grading and Drainage Plans must be submitted with the application for Building Permits7. Noncompliance with any Maricopa County regulation shall be grounds for initiating a revocation of this zone change as set forth in the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance.  f. following Rural-43 SUP standards shall apply:i. Minimum Side Setback: 40' ii. Minimum Street-side Setback: 40' iii. Minimum Screening: 8’ CMU iv. Pavement: Crushed Asphalt v. Vehicle Height Restriction: No vehicles taller than 6 feet in height may be stored within the side or street-side setback areas. vi. Lighting: All lighting must be fully shielded and directed downward so that no light trespasses beyond the parcel. g. The following Rural-43 SUP standards shall apply: (1) Minimum Side Setback: 40’. (2) Minimum Street-side Setback: 40’. (3) Minimum Screening: 8’ CMU. (4) Pavement: Crushed Asphalt. (5) Vehicle Height Restriction: No vehicles taller than 6 feet in height may be stored within the side or street-side setback areas. (6) Lighting: All lighting must be fully shielded and directed downward so that no light trespasses beyond the parcel. h. Prior to occupying the existing residence or any portion thereof for any use associated with the Special Use Permit, the applicant shall obtain a Building Permit to retrofit the existing residence to meet current commercial building code requirements as applicable and shall obtain a Certificate of Occupancy for the retrofitted building prior to occupancy.  i. The granting of this change in use of the property has been at the request of the applicant, with the consent of the landowner.  The granting of this approval allows the property to enjoy uses in excess of those permitted by the zoning existing on the date of application, subject to conditions.  In the event of the failure to comply with any condition, the property may be considered for reversion to the zoning that existed on the date of application in accordance with Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance requirements.  It is, therefore, stipulated and agreed that reversion of the zoning due to the failure to comply with any conditions does not reduce any rights that existed on the date of application to use, divide, sell or possess the property and that there would be no diminution in value of the property from the value it held on the date of application due to such reversion of the zoning.  This zone change enhances the value of the property above its value as of the date the zone change is granted, and reverting to the prior zoning results in the same value of the property as if the zone change had never been granted. (C-44-26-099-X-00) Motion to concur with the Planning Commission recommendation for approval subject to conditions ‘a’ through ‘i’ by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Thomas Galvin  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  8.SALOME VILLAGE SHOPS Case #: Z250044 (Supervisorial District: 4) Applicant and Owner: Ed Reichenberg, RAP LLC / Vishal Verma, Indus Rivers LLC Request: Zone Change from Rural-43 to C-2  Site Location: Generally located north of Salome Hwy. and approx. 360’ west of Wintersburg Rd. in the Tonopah area Commission Recommendation: On 4/9/26, the Commission voted 8-0 (motion by Commissioner Toma, D4, seconded by Commissioner Rochwalik D3) to adopt a motion recommending the Board of Supervisors approve Z250044 subject to conditions ‘a’ -‘i’. a. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the zoning exhibit entitled “Zoning Map“, consisting of 1 page stamped received February 19, 2026, except as modified by the following conditions. Staff may determine slight refinements to remain in substantial conformance with the approved site plan.   b. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the narrative report entitled “Salome Village Shops“, consisting of 13 pages stamped received March 11, 2026, except as modified by the following conditions. Staff may determine slight refinements to remain in substantial conformance with the approved site plan.  c. Administrative approval of a Plan of Development will be required prior to approval and issuance of construction permits to develop and establish use of the site. Prior to issuance of a building permit, written confirmation will be required from the emergency fire protection jurisdiction having authority that the facility has been designed in accordance with their regulations and requirements, and that emergency fire protection service will be provided to the facility. Prior to issuance of the certificate of occupancy, local fire protection jurisdiction review and approval will be required. d. The zone change is applied to restrict the use of the site. Until such time as the site is served by sewer, uses on the site shall only be those acceptable to the Maricopa County Environmental Services Department (MCESD) that can be accommodated by septic systems. A public water system and public sewer system shall be required prior to establishment of any non-residential use that requires potable water. e. The following Planning Engineering conditions shall apply: 1. Further entitlements such as a Plan of development (POD), will require:a. Submittal of an approved traffic impact statement (less than 1year old), updated TIS or TIS waiver.b. Engineered Grading and drainage plans and compliance with drainage and floodplain regulations.c. Compliance with MCDOT planning comments from the PA250132 for Right of way dedication and/or preservation.2. Engineering and drainage review was based on a zone change submittal without a plan of development. Therefore, without the submittal of a precise plan of development, no development approval is inferred by this review, including, but not limited to number of proposed building lots/units, drainage design, access and roadway alignments. These items will be addressed as development plans progress and are submitted to the County for further review and/or entitlement. 3. Engineering review of re-zone cases is conceptual in nature. All development and engineering design shall be in conformance with Section 1205 of the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance; Drainage Policies and Standards; Floodplain Regulations for Maricopa County; MCDOT Roadway Design Manual; and current engineering policies, standards and best practices at the time of application for construction.4. The county does not provide fire service; therefore, it is incumbent that the applicant seeks service and approval of plans from the jurisdictional fire service provide.  f. The following Maricopa County Environmental Services conditions shall apply: 1. Wastewater is not permitted to discharge to an adjacent parcel’s septic system.2. If conducting food service in unincorporated Maricopa, a grease trap will be required by Onsite Wastewater program.3. Setback requirements must be maintained per Arizona Administrative Code, Title 18, Chapter 9, Article 312, C (Features Requiring Setbacks).4. Projected flows between 3,000 and 24,000 gallons per day require a 4.23 General Permit and may require nitrogen treatment.5. If the wastewater flow exceeds 24,000 gpd or if an activated sludge treatment process is to be used, then a wastewater treatment plant may be required.6. Additionally, an Individual Permit through the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) may be required.7. Per the Safe Drinking Water Act, any water system that supplies more than 25 people or 15 service connections per day for at least 60 days per year is classified as a Public Water System (PWS).8. If the above criteria are met, a Public Water System application and a New Source Approval application are required and must be submitted to the MCESD’s Drinking Water Program. A water quality analysis report will be required with submittal and is good within one-year of testing.9. An Approval to Construct application is required to be submitted to the MCESD’s Treatment Program for all PWS water treatment facilities.10. An Approval to Construct application is required to be submitted to the MCESD’s Subdivision & Infrastructure Program for all PWS water system infrastructure. g. The following Maricopa County Department of Transportation conditions shall apply: 1. Salome Highway is classified as an urban principal arterial requiring fee dedication of a 65-foot half street from the center line permit the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance Section 804.a. It is the developer's responsibility to determine if the existing right of way is fee simple, if it is not then the developer will need to provide the right of way in said form.b. Applicant is required to provide, at applicant’s expense, an American Land Title Association (“ALTA”) Owner’s Policy of Title Insurance showing title vested in Maricopa County, a political subdivision of the State of Arizona.c. Dedication shall be completed by time of permit approval or case closeout if no MCDOT permit is required2. The above comments do not include identification of utilities or underground facilities within or adjacent to the required right-of-way that may have prior rights and/or require relocation.3. Any additional dedication and offsite improvement requirements will be determined by MCDOT Traffic based on a submitted TIA/TIS and the above roadway classificationa. TIA/TIS to be submitted to MCDOT via Permit Center at https://maricopacountyaz-energovweb.tylerhost.net/apps/selfservice#/home.b. If a TIA/TIS has been previously submitted, approval is valid for one year. If review for construction is not underway within this time period, MCDOT may request an updated traffic report to assess any changes in condition. h. The property owner/s and their successors waive claim for diminution in value if the County takes action to rescind approval due to noncompliance with conditions.  i. The granting of this change in use of the property has been at the request of the applicant, with the consent of the landowner.  The granting of this approval allows the property to enjoy uses in excess of those permitted by the zoning existing on the date of application, subject to conditions.  In the event of the failure to comply with any condition, the property may be considered for revocation to the zoning that existed on the date of application.  It is, therefore, stipulated and agreed that either revocation due to the failure to comply with any conditions, does not reduce any rights that existed on the date of application to use, divide, sell or possess the property and that there would be no diminution in value of the property from the value it held on the date of application due to such revocation of the Zone Change. The Zone Change enhances the value of the property above its value as of the date the Zone Change is granted and reverting to the prior zoning results in the same value of the property as if the Zone Change had never been granted. (C-44-26-098-X-00) Motion to concur with the Planning Commission recommendation for approval subject to conditions ‘a’ through ‘i’ by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Thomas Galvin  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  PLANNING AND ZONING REGULAR HEARINGS - AUDIENCIAS DE AGENDA REGULAR 9.PROJECT BACCARA Case #: MCP250007 (Supervisorial District: 4) Applicant and Owner: Madison Leake, Burch & Cracchiolo / Baccara Eagle Land, LLC  Request: Military Compatibility Permit (MCP) for utility land uses to include gas power generation facility and data center in the IND-3 MAAMF & Rural-43 MAAMF zoning districts  Site Location: Generally located north of Olive Rd. and ½-mile west of Litchfield Rd. in the west Glendale area  Commission Recommendation: On 4/9/26, the Commission voted 8-0 (motion by Commissioner Toma D4, seconded by Commissioner Leighton D4) to adopt a motion recommending the Board of Supervisors approve MCP250007 subject to conditions ‘a’ -‘p’. a. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the Narrative Report entitled “Project Baccara Military Compatibility Permit Narrative”, consisting of 20 pages, revision dated 3/17/2026, and stamped received 3/19/26, except as modified by the following conditions. b. The Military Compatibility Permit will only allow the following land uses pursuant to MCP250007: 1. Natural gas power generating facility with turbines2. Backup power with propane and diesel3. Field electrical substation 4. Data center buildings and appurtenances5. Screening, parking and security  c. The following IND-3 MAAMF and Rural-43 MAAMF zoning district standards shall apply: 1. Maximum gas turbine stack height: 72’ 2. Minimum gas turbine setback: 150’ measured from any lot line. 3. Minimum setback: 75’ measured from any lot line.4. Minimum parking spaces: Data Center uses 1 : 10,000 sq. ft. of floor space.5. Minimum parking spaces: Gas Turbine Yard uses 1 : 1,500 sq. ft. of floor space. 6. Minimum screening: Along the north and east perimeter of use, a minimum 8’ high solid wall shall be provided. Along the west and south perimeter of use, a minimum 8’ high anti-climb fence (such as Ameriscar Impasse II or similar) and landscape screening shall be provided. d. Changes to the Baccara Project Military Compatibility Permit MCP250007 with regard to any of the approved land uses or the conditions approved by the Board of Supervisors, shall be processed as a revised application with approval by the Board of Supervisors upon recommendation of the Planning and Zoning Commission. Revised applications shall be in accordance with the applicable zoning ordinance and County regulations in effect at the time of amendment application. Non-compliance with the approved Baccara Project Military Compatibility Permit, including the narrative report or approved conditions constitutes a violation in accordance with the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance.  e. Unless effective annexation into the City of Glendale, prior to approval of a precise Plan of Development approval, the applicant shall provide the Maricopa County Planning and Development Department with an executed pre-annexation service agreement with the City of Glendale that identifies the detail for when the proposed project will be annexed and the provision of water and sewer service.  In lieu of pre-annexation service agreement the developer must provide a ‘will serve’ letter from the certificated water and sewer provider(s). f. Unless effective annexation into the City of Glendale, approval by the Board of Supervisors of a Plan of Development will be required prior to approval and issuance of construction permits to develop and establish use of the site. Prior to issuance of a building permit, written confirmation will be required from the emergency fire protection jurisdiction having authority that the facility has been designed in accordance with their regulations and requirements, and that emergency fire protection service will be provided to the facility. Prior to issuance of the certificate of occupancy, local fire protection jurisdiction review and approval will be required.  g. The development and operation of the site shall comply with all Conditions for Compatibility and Additional Requirements identified in the Luke Air Force Base letter dated March 13, 2026, which are incorporated herein by reference.  h. The applicant shall submit a Military Compatibility Compliance Report as part of the Plan of Development application and building permits subject to review and approval by the Maricopa County Planning and Development Department, in coordination with Luke Air Force Base, prepared and sealed by qualified professionals, demonstrating compliance with all applicable Luke Air Force Base requirements as outlined in the letter dated March 13, 2026, including but not limited to:1. Electromagnetic interference (EMF/RFI):A technical analysis demonstrating that the facility will not create interference with military or civilian aviation systems, communications equipment, or radar operations.2. Airspace and communications (FAA/FCC):Documentation of completed FAA Obstruction Evaluation/Airport Airspace Analysis (OE/AAA), any required spectrum analysis, and all required FCC authorizations, demonstrating that no structure or equipment constitutes a hazard to air navigation or communications.3. Visibility, lighting, and exhaust/plume impacts:A glare analysis and exhaust/plume study demonstrating that lighting, reflective surfaces, emissions, heat exhaust, or atmospheric effects will not impair pilot visibility or interfere with aircraft operations.4. Air quality compliance (ADEQ):Evidence of all required air quality permits and demonstration that emissions will comply with applicable federal, state, and local regulatory limits.5. Fire protection and hazard mitigation:A plan demonstrating that the facility is designed to minimize risks associated with fire, explosion, or aircraft impact, including coordination with and approval by the applicable fire authority.6. Fuel system design:Demonstration that no natural gas storage will occur on-site and that all fuel delivery and backup systems comply with applicable safety regulations and codes.7. DoD Siting Clearinghouse review:Documentation confirming submittal to the Department of Defense Siting Clearinghouse and demonstration that any recommendations or conditions resulting from that review have been incorporated into the project design.8. Sound attenuation and notification:Demonstration of compliance with A.R.S. § 28-8482 and implementation of a notification program informing occupants and users that the property is located within the vicinity of a military airport and subject to aircraft overflights. i. The operation of the facility shall not create visual, atmospheric, or electronic interference with aircraft operations. If such impacts are identified by Luke Air Force Base, the FAA, or other regulatory agencies, the operator shall take corrective action to eliminate the impact. Failure to do so shall constitute a violation of this approval. j. All development standards and design criteria, including amenity and enhancement guidelines, shall be established at the time of precise plan of development or amendment thereto. All precise plans of development or amendments thereto shall be approved by the Board of Supervisors, upon recommendation by the Commission. k. All buildings subject to noise attenuation as per ARS § 28-8482(B).  l. The following Planning Engineering conditions shall apply: 1. Engineering review of planning and/or zoning cases is for conceptual design only. All development and engineering design shall be in conformance with Section 1205 of the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance; Drainage Polices and Standards; Floodplain Regulations for Maricopa County; MCDOT Roadway Design Manual; and current engineering policies, standards and best practices at the time of application for construction.2. Based on the conceptual design nature of the information submitted, changes to the site layout may be necessitated by the final engineering design of the site’s drainage infrastructure.3. Maricopa County does not supply water, fire, or sewer services. It is the applicant/owner’s responsibility to coordinate and secure water, fire and sewer services for the site.4. Sealed final Grading and Drainage (Site Infrastructure) Plans and Sealed Final drainage report must be submitted with the application for Building Permits.  m. The following Maricopa County Environmental Services Department (MCESD) conditions shall apply: 1. Per the Safe Drinking Water Act, any water system that supplies more than 25 people or 15 service connections per day for at least 60 days per year is classified as a Public Water System (PWS). If the above criteria are met, a Public Water System application and a New Source Approval application are required and must be submitted to the MCESD’s Drinking Water Program. A water quality analysis report will be required with submittal and is good within one-year of testing.2. Per the Safe Drinking Water Act, a Community Water System (CWS) is defined as a Public Water System that serves the same 25 or more year-round residents. A Non-Transient Non-Community Water System (NTNCWS) is defined as a Public Water System that serves the same 25 or more persons for at least six months per year. If a new CWS or NTNCWS is being created, then the following major requirements must be complete prior to the issuance of a CWS or NTNCWS permit:  a. The Arizona Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) requires new CWS and NTNCWS to submit an Elementary Business Plan. Please contact ADEQ at capdev@azdeq.gov for more information on this requirement. New Source Approval is required for both groundwater and surface water sources.b. New Source Approval is required for both groundwater and surface water sources. c. Engineering Approval may be required by MCESD Subdivision and/or Treatment Programs.d. Certified Operator – All public water systems must obtain the services of a certified water operator.3. A public Water System application and a New Source Approval application are required and must be submitted to the MCESD Drinking Water Program.4. An Approval to Construct application is required to be submitted to the MCESD’s Treatment Program for all PWS water treatment facilities. For questions, please contact the Water/Wastewater Treatment Program at (602) 372-2861 or email treatmentplantprogram@maricopa.gov5. An Approval to Construct application is required to be submitted to the MCESD’s Treatment Program for all PWS water treatment facilities. For questions, please contact the Water/Wastewater Treatment Program at (602) 372-2861 or email treatmentplantprogram@maricopa.gov.6. An Approval to Construct application is required to be submitted to the MCESD’s Subdivision & Infrastructure Program for all PWS water system infrastructure. For questions, please contact the Subdivision & Infrastructure Program at (602) 506-1058 or email subdivision@maricopa.gov . For additional Drinking Water related questions, please contact the Drinking Water program at (602) 506-6935. n. The property owners and their successors waive claim for diminution in value if the County takes action to rescind approval due to noncompliance with conditions.  o. The granting of this change in use of the property has been at the request of the applicant, with the consent of the landowner.  The granting of this approval allows the property to enjoy uses in excess of those permitted by the zoning existing on the date of application, subject to conditions.  In the event of the failure to comply with any condition, the property may be considered for revocation to the zoning that existed on the date of application.  It is, therefore, stipulated and agreed that either revocation due to the failure to comply with any conditions, does not reduce any rights that existed on the date of application to use, divide, sell or possess the property and that there would be no diminution in value of the property from the value it held on the date of application due to such revocation of the Military Compatibility Permit.  The Military Compatibility Permit enhances the value of the property above its value as of the date the Military Compatibility Permit is granted and reverting to the prior zoning results in the same value of the property as if the Military Compatibility Permit had never been granted. p. The IUPD approved per Z 99-027 as amended Z2000193 is unnecessary and removed with approval of this Military Compatibility Permit. (C-44-26-101-X-00) Motion to concur with the Planning Commission recommendation for approval subject to conditions ‘a’ through ‘p’ by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Mark Stewart  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas GalvinNay: Steve Gallardo  10.J & S DUMPSTER SERVICE Case #: SU250039 (Supervisorial District: 4) Applicant and Owner: Morgan Busby, Busby Permits LLC / Stoney & Holly Fred     Request: Special Use Permit (SUP) for interim industrial use, storage yard, in the Rural-43 zoning district Site Location: Generally located at the southwest corner of Desert Mirage Rd and 217th Ave. in the Wittmann area Commission Recommendation: On 4/9/26, the Commission voted 8-0 (motion by Commissioner Leigthton D4, seconded by Commissioner Toma D4) to adopt a motion recommending the Board of Supervisors approve SU250039 subject to conditions ‘a’ -‘k’. a. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the Site Plan entitled “J&S Dumpster Service“, consisting of 3 full-size sheets, dated January 2026 except as modified by the following conditions. b. Development of the site shall be in substantial conformance with the Narrative Report entitled “Narrative for SU250039”, consisting of 5 pages, dated February 13, 2026, except as modified by the following conditions. c. This special use permit is valid for a period of 5 years and shall expire on May 6, 2031, or upon abandonment of the use for a period of 90 or more consecutive days, whichever occurs first.  d. This SUP will only allow the additional use of the Rural-43 zoned property to park and store refuse bins and trucks associated with the business. The bins must be empty of waste and clean when stored on site.  e. Outdoor storage is limited to empty bins only. No compacting or solid waste material is allowed within any bin stored on the property. No cleaning of bins will be allowed on site. All bins will be cleaned prior to re-storage on the lot.  f. Per the narrative, the number of bins allowed to be stored/parked on site is 23 or fewer. g. Truck traffic associated with the business is limited to the hours between 6am and 5pm. Business operations will cease on the property at 5pm Monday through Saturday. h. The following Rural-43 SUP standards shall apply: 1. Surface Material: All parking and business storage areas shall be surfaced with minimum of asphalt millings. 2. Lighting: All outdoor lighting shall conform to MCZO, Sec. 1112 and shall be shielded so that light is directed downward below the horizontal plane at bottom of the light source and so that no light trespasses onto adjacent properties. i. The following Planning Engineering conditions shall apply:1. Agriculturally exempt sites are not exempt from Maricopa County floodplain regulations. The narrative states the majority of the land is being used for the care and training of horses, with improvements such as an arena, barn and multiple horse pens. Any of these features within floodway or floodplain within the Ag Exempt area and use will require permits through Maricopa County Flood Control District (FCD). This is separate from the special use area. You must obtain these permits from FCD prior to the Planning & Development Department issuing any building permits for the new special use area.2. Basin ponding greater than one foot in depth shall provide methods to percolate runoff within 36 hours.3. Engineering review of planning and/or zoning cases is for conceptual design only. All development and engineering design shall be in conformance with Section 1205 of the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance; Drainage Policies and Standards; Floodplain Regulations for Maricopa County; MCDOT Roadway Design Manual; and current engineering policies, standards and best practices at the time of application for construction.4. Based on the conceptual design nature of the information submitted, changes to the site layout may be necessitated by the final engineering design of the site’s drainage infrastructure.5. Maricopa County does not supply water, fire or sewer services. It is the applicant/owner’s responsibility to coordinate and secure water, fire and sewer services for this site.6. Sealed final Grading and Drainage (Site Infrastructure) Plans and Sealed Final drainage report must be submitted with the application for Building Permits j. Noncompliance with any of the conditions assigned to the approval of this Special Use Permit by the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors may be grounds for revocation in accordance with the requirements and procedures as set forth in the Maricopa County Zoning Ordinance. k. The granting of this change in use of the property has been at the request of the applicant, with the consent of the landowner. The granting of this approval allows the property to enjoy uses in excess of those permitted by the zoning existing on the date of application, subject to conditions. In the event of the failure to comply with any condition, and at the time of expiration of the Special Use Permit, the property may be considered for revocation to the zoning that existed on the date of application. It is, therefore, stipulated and agreed that either revocation due to the failure to comply with any conditions, or the expiration of the Special Use Permit, does not reduce any rights that existed on the date of application to use, divide, sell or possess the property and that there would be no diminution in value of the property from the value it held on the date of application due to such revocation or expiration of the Special Use Permit. The Special Use Permit enhances the value of the property above its value as of the date the Special Use Permit is granted and reverting to the prior zoning results in the same value of the property as if the Special Use Permit had never been granted. (C-44-26-097-X-00) Motion to concur with the Planning Commission recommendation for approval subject to conditions ‘a’ through ‘k’ by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Thomas Galvin  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  STATUTORY HEARINGS - AUDIENCIAS LEGALESIf you would like to send a comment or question regarding one of the statutory hearing items, please send email to Agenda.Comments@maricopa.gov Clerk of the Board Statutory Hearings - Audiencias Legales de la Secretaria de la Junta 11.LIQUOR LICENSE APPLICATIONS - APLICACIONES DE LICENCIA DE LICOR This is the time for a public hearing on the applications for liquor licenses. At this hearing, the Board of Supervisors will determine the recommendation to the State Liquor Board as to whether the State Liquor Board should grant or deny license. a.  NEW LICENSE FOR AP’S MINI MART (Supervisorial District: 4) Pursuant to A.R.S. § 4-201, approve an application filed by Omar R Albayati for a New Series 10 Liquor License for Ap’s Mini Mart at 10050 West Bell Road Suite 10, Sun City, Arizona 85351. (AZ 388833) (C-06-26-295-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  b.  NEW LICENSE FOR THE DESERT ROSE BAR & GRILL (Supervisorial District: 5) Pursuant to A.R.S. § 4-201, approve an application filed by Michael Raymond Kaffer Jr for a New Series 12 Liquor License for The Desert Rose Bar & Grill at 18300 South Old US Highway 80, Arlington, Arizona 85322. (C-06-26-296-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Transportation Statutory Hearings - Audiencias Legales de Transportación 12.PATENT EASEMENT ABANDONMENT: ROAD FILE NO. PAB-0318 (Supervisorial District: 5)   Convene a hearing for Road File No. PAB-0318 to consider the request to abandon a portion of a Federal Patent Easement Number 1176071 lying in the Southeast quarter of Section 03 – T1S, R1W, of the Gila and Salt River Meridian, Maricopa County, Arizona. Located in the general vicinity of 133rd Avenue and Parkman Avenue and known as Assessor Parcel Number 400-01-039B. Notice conditions and the request for comment requirements have been met. In addition, direct the Clerk of the Board to record the Board of Supervisors resolution with the County Recorder. (C-64-26-112-X-01) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  13.ROAD FILE DECLARATIONS - DECLARACIONES DE CARRETERA Approve, by resolution, petitions to open and declare the following roads into the county highway system.  This action will serve as notice of the Board of Supervisors’ acceptance of all U.S. Patent easements, reservations, rights-of-way or properties along the alignments into the Maricopa County highway system and will also authorize the maintenance and acquisition of the necessary rights-of-way through donation, purchase, or condemnation. a.  ROAD FILE 6036 (Supervisorial District: 4) Convene a hearing to adopt a resolution for Road File 6036 to declare streets in Zanjero Trails Parcel 34B as shown in Book 1545 of Maps, Page 38 into the County Transportation System. In accordance with A.R.S. § 28-6701 and 28-6702, it is recommended by the Department of Transportation Director, that the Board of Supervisors Open and Declare the following streets in Zanjero Trails Parcel 34B into the County Transportation System, Road File 6036. OPEN AND DECLAREROAD FILE 6036 All streets consistent with the rights-of-way and appurtenances as depicted in “Zanjero Trails Parcel 34B”, a subdivision recorded in Book 1545 of Maps, Page 38, Maricopa County Records, lying in a portion of Section 16 – T2N, R2W, Maricopa County, Arizona. Containing 5.65 Acres. A map or plat depicting such streets is attached. General Vicinity: 195th Avenue and Bethany Home Road, lying within Supervisorial District 4, in an unincorporated area. In addition, direct the Clerk of the Board to record the Board of Supervisors resolution with the County Recorder. (C-64-26-129-X-01) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  b.  ROAD FILE 6031 (Supervisorial District: 4) Convene a hearing to adopt a resolution for Road File 6031 to declare streets in Zanjero Trails Parcel 34A as shown in Book 1545 of Maps, Page 36 into the County Road System. In accordance with A.R.S. 28-6701 and 28-6702, it is recommended by the Department of Transportation Director, that the Board of Supervisors Open and Declare the following streets in Zanjero Trails Parcel 34A into the County Road System, Road File 6031. OPEN AND DECLAREROAD FILE 6031 All streets consistent with the rights-of-way and appurtenances as depicted in “Zanjero Trails Parcel 34A”, a subdivision recorded in Book 1545 of Maps, Page 36, Maricopa County Records, lying in a portion of Section 16 – T2N, R2W, Maricopa County, Arizona.Containing 6.35 Acres. A plat depicting the declared streets is attached. General Vicinity: 195th Avenue and Bethany Home Road, lying within Supervisorial District 4, in an unincorporated area. In addition, direct the Clerk of the Board to record the Board of Supervisors resolution with the County Recorder. (C-64-26-136-X-01) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  c.  ROAD FILE 6030 (Supervisorial District: 4) Convene a hearing to adopt a resolution for Road File 6030 to declare streets in Zanjero Trails Parcel 34E as shown in Book 1605 of Maps, Page 40 into the County Road System. In accordance with A.R.S. 28-6701 and 28-6702, it is recommended by the Department of Transportation Director, that the Board of Supervisors Open and Declare the following streets in Zanjero Trails Parcel 34E into the County Road System, Road File 6030. OPEN AND DECLARE ROAD FILE 6030 All streets consistent with the rights-of-way and appurtenances as depicted in “Zanjero Trails Parcel 34E”, a subdivision recorded in Book 1605 of Maps, Page 40,Maricopa County Records, lying in a portion of Section 16 – T2N, R2W, Maricopa County, Arizona. Containing 4.92 Acres. A map or plat depicting the declared streets is attached. General Vicinity: 195TH Avenue and Bethany Home Road, lying within Supervisorial District 4, in an unincorporated area. In addition, direct the Clerk of the Board to record the Board of Supervisors resolution with the County Recorder. (C-64-26-137-X-01) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  d.  ROAD FILE 6033 (Supervisorial District:4) Convene a hearing to adopt a resolution for Road File 6033 to declare streets in Fulton Homes Enclave Phase 4 as shown in Book 1836 of Maps, Page 48 into the County Road System. In accordance with A.R.S. 28-6701 and 28-6702, it is recommended by the Department of Transportation Director, that the Board of Supervisors Open and Declare the following streets in Fulton Homes Enclave Phase 4 into the County Road System, Road File 6033. OPEN AND DECLAREROAD FILE 6033 All streets consistent with the rights-of-way and appurtenances as depicted in “Fulton Homes Enclave Phase 4”, a subdivision recorded in Book 1836 of Maps, Page 48, Maricopa County Records, lying in a portion of Section 21 – T2N, R2W, Maricopa County, Arizona.Containing 3.16 Acres. A map or plat depicting the declared streets is attached. General Vicinity: Camelback Road and Perryville Road, lying within Supervisorial District 4, in an unincorporated area. In addition, direct the Clerk of the Board to record the Board of Supervisors resolution with the County Recorder. (C-64-26-130-X-01) The Clerk noted the item was withdrawn.  No action was taken on item 13.d.  BOARD OF SUPERVISORS CONSENT AGENDA – AGENDA CONSIENTA DE LA JUNTA DE SUPERVISORESThese items are approved by one motion unless pulled by a Board Member for discussion or separate action. COUNTY OFFICERS - OFICIALES DE CONDADO Clerk of the Board - Secretaria de la Junta 14.Appointment Approve the Official Appointment of Melanie Rodriguez as Limited Duty Special Deputy Clerk. (C-06-26-323-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  15.DUPLICATE WARRANTS Pursuant to A.R.S § 11-632, approve and ratify the issuance of duplicate warrants to replace county warrants and school warrants which were either lost or stolen. Necessary affidavits have been filed with the Board. NameWarrant NoAmountDept/SchoolArizona Local Health Officers Association30102329525,000.00Correctional HealthPalm Villas Equity LLC30102350313,376.00Human ServicesSky Song Equity LLC30102350361,953.00Human ServicesPatrick Thomas Ronaldson30102359374,500.00Public Defense ServicesBrittney Sanchez370085992225.63Balsz Elementary School District #31Sherry L Wahl3700936734357.75Littleton Elementary School District #65Kennesha Shannette Payton3700946395934.15Litchfield Elementary School District #79Shelbi Lee Baros3700951049947.73Avondale Elementary School District #44 (C-06-26-320-X-00) Kennesha Shannette Payton 3700946395 934.15 Litchfield Elementary School District #79Shelbi Lee Baros 3700951049 947.73 Avondale Elementary School District #44 (C-06-26-320-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  16.MAIL BALLOT ELECTION REQUEST FOR WINDSOR SQUARE IWDD NO. 27 (Supervisorial District: 3) Approve a mail ballot election for the Windsor Square IWDD No. 27 to be conducted for the November 18, 2026, election in compliance with Section 558 et. seq. of Title 16 of the Arizona Revised Statutes. (C-06-26-312-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  17.MAIL BALLOT ELECTION REQUEST FOR CHANDLER HEIGHTS CITRUS IRRIGATION DISTRICT (Supervisorial District: 1) Approve a mail ballot election for the Chandler Heights Citrus Irrigation District to be conducted for the November 10, 2026, election in compliance with Section 558 et. seq. of Title 16 of the Arizona Revised Statutes. (C-06-26-306-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  18.MAIL BALLOT ELECTION REQUEST FOR NEW MAGMA IRRIGATION & DRAINAGE DISTRICT (Supervisorial District: 1) Approve a mail ballot election for the New Magma Irrigation & Drainage District to be conducted for the November 10, 2026, election in compliance with Section 558 et. seq. of Title 16 of the Arizona Revised Statutes. (C-06-26-310-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  19.MAIL BALLOT ELECTION REQUEST FOR PALOMA IRRIGATION & DRAINAGE DISTRICT (Supervisorial District: 5) Approve a mail ballot election for the Paloma Irrigation & Drainage District to be conducted for the November 10, 2026, election in compliance with Section 558 et. seq. of Title 16 of the Arizona Revised Statutes. (C-06-26-316-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  20.MAIL BALLOT ELECTION REQUEST FOR FILLMORE PLACE IWDD NO. 87 (Supervisorial District: 2) Approve a mail ballot election for the Fillmore Place IWDD No. 87 to be conducted for the November 18, 2026, election in compliance with Section 558 et. seq. of Title 16 of the Arizona Revised Statutes. (C-06-26-315-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  County Attorney - Procurador del Condado 21.APPOINTMENT Pursuant to A.R.S. §11-409 and A.R.S. §11-403, approve the official appointment of the following deputies, special deputies, and assistants of the Maricopa County Attorney. April 22, 2026Kristian Garibay                              Special Deputy County Attorney (C-19-26-110-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  22.SETTLEMENT/RESOLUTION OF PROPERTY TAX CASES AND CLAIMS Pursuant to A.R.S. §§ 42-16201 through 16258, approve the settlement/resolution of tax cases and claims as listed: 2025: ORION PHOENIX AZ, LLC (TX2024-000386) Represented by Donald Roelke; GAEDEKE HOLDINGS, LTD AKA GAEDEKE HOLDINGS LP, SRE 2800 N CENTRAL, LLC (TX2024-000390) Represented by Aaron Clouse; VERDE INVESTMENTS, INC. (TX2025-000024) Represented by Paul Moore; SPRINGBROOK DEVELOPMENT, LLC (TX2025-000033) Represented by Doug John; 2026: GAEDEKE HOLDINGS, LTD AKA GAEDEKE HOLDINGS LP, SRE 2800 N CENTRAL, LLC (TX2024-000390) Represented by Aaron Clouse; SPRINGBROOK DEVELOPMENT, LLC (TX2025-000371) Represented by Doug John; CMB III LLC (TX2025-000452) Represented by Amanda Newman; WATERFORD CAMELWEST, LLC (TX2026-000002) Represented by Paul Moore (C-19-26-107-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  School Superintendent - Superintendente de Escuelas 23.GRANT FUNDING FROM U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION FOR INNOVATIVE APPROACHES TO LITERACY Approve application for grant funding from the U.S. Department of Labor on behalf of the U.S. Department of Education (ALN 84.215G) in the maximum amount of $4 million over a period of up to 60 months October 1, 2026 - September 30, 2031.  The grant’s purpose is to provide funding for programs that expand access to high-quality books, strengthen school library programs, and promote literacy development in high-need LEAs with a goal of increasing reading proficiency. There is not a match requirement for this grant. If awarded the full $750,000 for fiscal year 2027, the recoverable indirect cost of administering this grant will be $112,500. Future ongoing cash contributions are not required after the grant period. The grant award will help support the Superintendent in meeting the mandate in A.R.S. §15-302 to collaborate with the department of education and other state agencies to assist schools in using student data, staff development, curriculum alignment, and technology to improve student performance.  Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation, and therefore, expenditure of the funds is not prohibited by the budget law. Accepting this grant does not alter the budget constraining the expenditure of local revenues duly adopted by the Board pursuant to A.R.S. §42-17105. (C-37-26-011-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  24.GRANT FUNDING FROM U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION FOR TEACHERS AND SCHOOL LEADERS Approve application for grant funding from the U.S. Department of Labor on behalf of the U.S. Department of Education (ALN 84.374A) in the maximum amount of $12,000,000 over a period of up to 36 months October 1, 2026 - September 30, 2029. The grant’s purpose is to develop, implement, improve, or expand human capital management systems (HCMS) for teachers, principals, or other school leaders who raise student growth and academic achievement, support workforce readiness, and close the achievement gap between high- and low-performing students. In addition, applicants can also receive competitive preference points for projects or proposals that are designed to advance meaningful learning, including high-quality and proven interventions that will directly benefit student learning outcomes. There is a 50% match requirement, which can be cash or in-kind contributions and will be provided by participating school districts or contractor or absorbed by the Superintendent’s operating budget. Grant funds must be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal or State funds that would otherwise be expended to carry out activities under this program.  If awarded the full $1.5 million for fiscal year 2027, the recoverable indirect cost of administering this grant will be $120,000. Future ongoing cash contributions are not required after the grant period. The grant award will help support the Superintendent in meeting the mandate in A.R.S. §15-302 to collaborate with the department of education and other state agencies to assist schools in using student data, staff development, curriculum alignment, and technology to improve student performance. The grant award is competitive and previously was awarded to the County School Superintendent beginning October 2024 before being terminated by the federal government in February 2025.  Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation, and therefore, expenditure of the funds is not prohibited by the budget law. Accepting this grant does not alter the budget constraining the expenditure of local revenues duly adopted by the Board pursuant to A.R.S. §42-17105. (C-37-26-012-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Sheriff - Alguacil 25.ACCEPT FUNDING FROM US IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT FOR OVERTIME IN RELATION TO JOINT OPERATION EXPENSES Approve for FY26, acceptance of up to $30,000 in reimbursement funding from US Immigration and Customs Enforcement Treasury Forfeiture Fund for officers assigned to the Joint Operation. The US Immigration and Customs Enforcement agreement commenced February 29, 2008, and will continue for an indefinite period until terminated by one or both parties. Acceptance of this agreement was approved by the Board of Supervisors on February 20, 2008 under C-50-08-546-2-00. The FY26 reimbursement funding begins October 1, 2025 and will terminate September 30, 2026.  The Sheriff’s Office indirect cost rate for FY26 is 27.660%. Unrecoverable indirect costs have been calculated as up to $8,298. The unrecoverable indirect cost of up to $8,298 will be covered by the department General Fund. This agreement is recurring, non-competitive and does not require a match. The agreement does not require on-going cash contributions after the period end date.   This is not a mandated function although it supports the MCSO public safety mandate to identify and target for prosecution criminal activity.  These revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation, and therefore, expenditures of these revenues are not prohibited by the budget law. (C-50-26-083-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  26.AMENDMENT TO INTERAGENCY SERVICE AGREEMENT WITH THE ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES Approve Amendment 3 (CTR074158) to the Interagency Service Agreement (ISA) Project AGR2024-014, approved April 10, 2024, from the Arizona Department of Health Services for the Unlawful Medical Marijuana Trafficking . This amendment includes Section Ten (10) Non-Availability of Funds in the Terms and Conditions, the Scope of Work is revised and replaced, and the Price Sheet is revised and replaced, adding budget periods. There is no change in overall funding, and no other changes have been made. (C-50-24-176-X-03) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  27.AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT FROM THE ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY (#2025-294) FOR ANTI HUMAN TRAFFICKING (50DPSAHT) Approve Amendment #1 to the Agreement from the Arizona Department of Public Safety #2025-294. The amendment extends the expiration date of the Agreement from June 30, 2026, until June 30, 2027. The modification is to provide additional time for training sessions for internal and external groups, provide direct counseling and victim advocacy services and conduct community outreach events. All other terms and conditions are the same. This is the first time this funding award has been awarded and there is no match requirement. It was competitively bid. The purpose for which it is being used it is not a mandated function. The original agreement, award amount of $396,072.50, was approved on March 25, 2026 (C-50-26-064-X-00). (C-50-26-064-X-01) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  28.COMPETITION IMPRACTICABLE FOR LEADSONLINE, LLC Approve a Competition Impracticable allowing Maricopa County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) to contract for service from LeadsOnline, LLC. The term of the purchase agreement begins retroactively to January 1, 2026, and is effective for three years for a total amount not to exceed $186,000.    MCSO previously had a three-year contract with LeadsOnline, LLC under a competition impracticable approved by the Board on February 8, 2023, C-50-23-125-X-00. The contract expired on December 31, 2025, and we need to enter into a new agreement to continue using this service. Approval of this item allows MCSO to continue using the LEADS online law enforcement investigations system to help solve cases concerning the buying and selling of stolen property through pawn shops and other venues. (C-50-26-075-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  29.COMPETITION IMPRACTICABLE WITH ST. GEORGE INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES, LLC DBA AZ TRUTHFINDER Approve an increase to the Competition Impracticable (CI) with St. George Investigative Services LLC dba AZ Truthfinder in the amount of $143,000.00 for a total of $243,000.00. The Director of Office of Procurement Services approved the initial competition impracticable in the amount of $100,000.00 on January 1, 2026. St. George Investigative Services, LLC dba AZ Truthfinder provides completes investigations for Maricopa County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) to assist with the backlog of Professional Standards Bureau cases. St. George Investigative Services LLC AZ Truthfinders provides subject matter expertise for MCSO cases assigned to them. Approval of the additional funds will allow St. George Investigative Services LLC dba AZ Truthfinders to continue working on cases until the solicitation process is completed and a contract is awarded. (C-50-26-079-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  30.MOU WITH GOVERNOR’S OFFICE OF HIGHWAY SAFETY FOR NATIONAL CLICK IT OR TICKET CAMPAIGN (CLKTICKET) GY2026 Approve the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) and acceptance of grant funds to the Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office (MCSO) from the Governor’s Office of Highway Safety (GOHS), Click it or Ticket Campaign (CLKTICKET), in the amount of $5,000 for the award period beginning May 18, 2026, and terminating on May 31, 2026. This funding award is recurring and has been awarded to the Sheriff’s Office the last ten years. There is no match requirement, and the agreement does not require on-going cash contributions after the period end date. The Sheriff’s Office indirect cost rate for FY26 is 27.66% applicable to the award amount of $5,000. The indirect costs are calculated to be $1,383 and will be absorbed by General Fund.   This is not a mandated function although it supports the MCSO public safety mandate and provides benefit to the citizens by providing funding for enforcement of seat belt and child safety seat violations, with a goal to increase seatbelt usage rates. This is a competitive award. This is reimbursement funding used to pay for overtime. Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation, and therefore, expenditures of these revenues are not prohibited by the budget law. (C-50-26-077-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  31.MOU BETWEEN CITIES OF AVONDALE, BUCKEYE, GOODYEAR, STATE OF ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CHILD SAFETY, MARICOPA COUNTY ATTORNEY’S OFFICE, MARICOPA COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE, HONORHEALTH AND PHOENIX CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL Approve an Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Cities of Avondale, Buckeye, Goodyear, State of Arizona Department of Child Safety (DCS), Maricopa County, HonorHealth and Phoenix Children’s Hospital for an on-site collaboration and the use of multi-disciplinary team approach for victims of abuse at the Southwest Family Advocacy Center. The multidisciplinary team approach is used for prevention, investigation, protection, medical assessment, and referral for prosecution and treatment of children who are victims of abuse.   This MOU is effectively retroactive to November 1, 2025, and will remain in effect for a period of five years from the date of signature, unless terminated earlier in accordance with termination requirements outlined in the MOU. (C-50-26-080-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  32.DONATIONS TO SHERIFF’S OFFICE Accept cash donations during month of March from Debra Ames in the amount of $2,500 & PACC911 in the amount of $1,350 & $1,950 for total donation amount of $5,800. Also, accept non-cash donations during the month of March from Bark-N-Luv with a non-cash value of approximately $11,424 & $5,000 with total approximate value of $16,424 to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) and designated for the MASH Unit. These cash and non-cash donations will be used in MASH, the Maricopa County Sheriff’s Animal Safe Haven, where evidentiary animals seized in criminal animal abuse cases are housed and cared for. (C-50-26-078-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  33.MONTHLY DONATION REPORT FOR MARCH Accept the monthly donation report from Maricopa County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) for the month of March with a cash value of $1,170.86. Also accept the non-cash donation report from MCSO for the month of March with a non-cash value of $1,491. All the cash and non-cash donations were designated for MASH, the Maricopa County Sheriff’s Animal Safe Haven, where evidentiary animals seized in criminal animal abuse cases are housed and cared for. (C-50-26-076-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  34.EXEMPTION FROM MARKINGS Approve exemption from markings, per A.R.S. § 38-538-03, for four (4) Ford Transit Vans vehicle #312490, 312489, 312505, and 312504.  These vehicles are assigned to the Transportation Division for local inmate transportation, for the safety and security of all inmates and deputies while on travel across the county and state. Vehicle exemption authorizations are assigned to individual vehicle and the authorization is not transferable. (C-50-26-081-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  35.EXEMPTION FROM MARKINGS Approve exemption from markings, per A.R.S. § 38-538-03 for four (4) vehicles:  (1) #3122216, a white 2022, Ford F250 Crew Cab ¾ quarter ton 4X4; (2) Vehicle #3122220, a white 2022, Ford F250 Crew Cab ¾ quarter ton 4X4; (3) Vehicle #322554, a 2025, Chevy Tahoe 4X4; and (4) Vehicle #3124106, a 2024, Ford Transit Van.  These vehicles are assigned to Extraditions Unit for the use of transportation of out of state prisoner/inmate transportation, for the safety and security of all inmates and deputies while on extraditions trip. Vehicle exemption authorizations are assigned to individual vehicle and the authorization is not transferable. (C-50-26-082-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Treasurer - Tesorero 36.DELINQUENT PROPERTY TAX INTEREST WAIVER Pursuant to A.R.S. § 42-18053(C), the attached delinquent property tax interest waiver is presented to the Board of Supervisors for consideration and approval. (C-43-26-056-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  37.TREASURER'S COLLECTIONS AND DISBURSEMENT SUMMARY FOR MARCH 2026 Pursuant to A.R.S. § 11-501, accept the Treasurer's Collections and Disbursement Summary for March 2026, as on file in the clerk of the board's office and retained in accordance with Arizona State Library Archives and Public Records (ASLAPR) approved retention schedule. (C-43-26-054-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  38.TAX ABATEMENT Pursuant to A.R.S. § 42-18353, the tax abatement requests for the parcel numbers and tax years listed below are presented to the Board of Supervisors for consideration and approval. Parcels      Tax Years             Amount                               Reason for Abatement960-26-891          2020-2022             $226.29                               Mobile home dismantled960-95-988          2019-2022             $328.52                               Mobile home dismantled966-42-412               2017                  $342.43                               Mobile home affixed to land983-62-973          2019-2021             $779.75                               Mobile home dismantled987-84-257          2020-2022             $527.81                               Mobile home in another county         988-95-013          2019–2022            $119.94                                Mobile home dismantled (C-43-26-055-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  JUDICIAL BRANCH - PODER JUDICIAL Superior Court - Tribunal Superior 39.APPOINT SUPERIOR COURT COMMISSIONER REBECCA C. RENNICK AS SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE PRO TEMPORE The Superior Court respectfully requests the Board of Supervisors approve the appointment of Court Commissioner Rebecca C. Rennick Superior Court Judge Pro Tempore in accordance with Arizona Revised Statutes § 12-141.  The appointment will be for the period commencing May 5, 2026 through June 30, 2027. (C-80-26-008-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  40.APPOINT SUPERIOR COURT COMMISSIONER ESMERALDA GAXIOLA AS SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE PRO TEMPORE The Superior Court respectfully requests the Board of Supervisors approve the appointment of Court Commissioner Esmeralda Gaxiola Superior Court Judge Pro Tempore in accordance with Arizona Revised Statutes § 12-141.  The appointment will be for the period commencing April 23, 2026 through June 30, 2027. (C-80-26-009-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  COUNTY OFFICES AND DEPARTMENTS - DEPARTAMENTOS Y OFICINAS DEL CONDADO Air Quality - Calidad del Aire 41.AGREEMENT WITH THE ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY Approve a Government Services Contract (GSC) (EV25-0037) agreement between the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) and Maricopa County Air Quality Department (MCAQD) in the not-to-exceed amount of $846,661. The purpose of this agreement is to support Air Quality Department program efforts. This Agreement and budget are effective from July 1, 2026, until June 30, 2027. The FY2026 MCAQD indirect cost rate of 36.10% will be applied to the direct charges of $671,661. Per the ADEQ award agreement, the indirect cost of administering this grant is $178,156 and is allowable and fully recoverable. An amount of up to $175,000 will be passed through to the Regional Public Transportation Authority as an external service provider upon separate agenda and approval for services provided between July 1, 2026, and June 30, 2027. The County will retain the amount of $671,661. The grant award is reoccurring and has been awarded to MCAQD in previous years. The cash or in-kind match is not applicable, and ongoing cash contributions are not applicable. This grant award is a mandated function of the MCAQD per Arizona Revised Statutes (ARS) §49-581 et seq. The grant award is noncompetitively bid. There are no costs that will need to be absorbed by the department’s operating budget. Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation; therefore, expenditures of these revenues are not prohibited by the budget law. A budget adjustment is not required. This agreement impacts all supervisorial districts. (C-85-26-014-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Animal Care and Control Services - Servicios de Control y Cuidado de Animales 42.NEW HOPE AGREEMENT WITH PAW POSSE ANIMAL RESCUE Approve an agreement between Paw Posse Animal Rescue and Maricopa County, administered by Maricopa County Animal Care and Control (MCACC), to allow Paw Posse Animal Rescue to participate in the New Hope Program and receive animals deemed eligible for transfer. This agreement outlines the responsibilities of both Parties for the safe transfer of eligible animals from County custody to Paw Posse Animal Rescue while awaiting adoption, supporting MCACC’s efforts to reduce shelter population, increase lifesaving outcomes, and expand alternative placement options for homeless animals. The term of this agreement shall commence upon approval and execution by the Board and will expire three years from the date of Board approval. (C-79-26-058-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Mark Stewart  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  43.NEW HOPE AGREEMENT WITH PAWS 4 LIFE AZ Approve an agreement between Paws 4 Life AZ and Maricopa County, administered by Maricopa County Animal Care and Control (MCACC), to allow Paws 4 Life AZ to participate in the New Hope Program and receive animals deemed eligible for transfer. This agreement outlines the responsibilities of both Parties for the safe transfer of eligible animals from County custody to Paws 4 Life AZ while awaiting adoption, supporting MCACC’s efforts to reduce shelter population, increase lifesaving outcomes, and expand alternative placement options for homeless animals. The term of this agreement shall commence upon approval and execution by the Board and will expire three years from the date of Board approval. (C-79-26-059-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Mark Stewart  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  44.NEW HOPE AGREEMEENT WITH ARIZONA CHIHUAHUA RESCUE Approve an agreement between Arizona Chihuahua Rescue and Maricopa County, administered by Maricopa County Animal Care and Control (MCACC), to allow Arizona Chihuahua Rescue to participate in the New Hope Program and receive animals deemed eligible for transfer. This agreement outlines the responsibilities of both Parties for the safe transfer of eligible animals from County custody to Arizona Chihuahua Rescue while awaiting adoption, supporting MCACC’s efforts to reduce shelter population, increase lifesaving outcomes, and expand alternative placement options for homeless animals.  This contract shall become effective upon execution of the last signer and shall expire 3 years later. (C-79-26-060-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Mark Stewart  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  45.NEW HOPE AGREEMENT WITH AZ SMALL DOG RESCUE Approve an agreement between AZ Small Dog Rescue and Maricopa County, administered by Maricopa County Animal Care and Control (MCACC), to allow AZ Small Dog Rescue to participate in the New Hope Program and receive animals deemed eligible for transfer. This agreement outlines the responsibilities of both Parties for the safe transfer of eligible animals from County custody to AZ Small Dog Rescue while awaiting adoption, supporting MCACC’s efforts to reduce shelter population, increase lifesaving outcomes, and expand alternative placement options for homeless animals.  This contract shall become effective upon execution of the last signer and shall expire 3 years later. (C-79-26-061-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Mark Stewart  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  46.BISSELL PET FOUNDATION GRANT AND BUDGET ADJUSTMENT Approve the application and acceptance of grant funds from Bissell Pet Foundation in the amount not-to-exceed $54,780. The grant award is comprised of nine individual grants (one per event) from Bissell Pet Foundation to be awarded to Maricopa County Animal Care & Control (MCACC) during Fiscal Year 2026.  The attached “Bissell Pet Foundation Grant Detail” file outlines the award for each grant and the date the funds must be spent by.  Grant proceeds must be used solely for the benefit of shelter pets at MCACC.  Authorize the MCACC appointed authority, and/or designee, to accept the grant-related terms and submit all grant reports applicable under the grant. Each individual grant award begins upon award acceptance (after the conclusion of the adoption event) and ends one year later.  The grant award is not a mandated function but provides a benefit to the citizens in the form of reduced pet adoption fees.   In accordance with A.R.S. §42-17106(B), authorize the increase of revenue and expenditure authority in the Animal Care and Control (D790) Animal Control Grants Fund (573) Non-Recurring Non-Project (NRNP) appropriation group by $54,780 in Fiscal Year 2026.  The grant allows a 0% rate or $0 for indirect costs. The Maricopa County Department of Finance has calculated the Fiscal Year 2026 indirect cost rate at 12.83% or $7,028.27 The recoverable cost rates for administering this grant are $0 and the Animal Care and Control will absorb the non-recoverable indirect cost of $7,028.27 into the department’s operating budget in the current fiscal year. This grant is non-recurring, and a cash or in-kind contribution is not applicable. There are no future or ongoing contributions required following the grant period. Funding for this agreement is provided by a grant from Bissell Pet Foundation and was competitively bid. The grant cannot be used in any way that decreases the allocation or budget of governmental funds for animal welfare purposes. This request will increase the grant budget appropriation in the Animal Control Grants Fund (573) to accommodate revenues and expenditures authorized by the grant. Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation and, therefore, expenditure of the funds is not prohibited by the budget law. The approval of this action does not alter the budget constraining the expenditures of local revenues duly adopted by the Board pursuant to A.R.S. §42-17105 (C-79-26-062-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Correctional Health - Salud Correccional 47.AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT WITH HUSHABYE NURSERY Approve Amendment No.1 to the Agreement between Hushabye Nursery and Maricopa County through the Department of Correctional Health Services (CHS). This Agreement coordinates the care of incarcerated pregnant and/or parenting individuals with a history of substance use. This agreement has no financial obligations to either party.  This amendment has no financial obligations to either party and shall be renewed for a two-year term from May 21, 2026, and ending May 21, 2028. (C-26-25-010-X-01) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Elections - Elecciones 48.PRECINCT COMMITTEEMEN Pursuant to A.R.S. §16-821(B), determine whether a vacancy (or vacancies) exists in the office of Precinct Committeeman and, if so, make appointments to that office. The list of suspected vacancies and recommended nominations is on file in the Clerk of the Board’s Office and retained in accordance with Arizona State Library, Archives, and Public Records (ASLAPR) approved retention schedule. (C-21-26-024-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Emergency Management - Administración de Emergencia 49.PALO VERDE GENERATING STATION OFFSITE EMERGENCY RESPONSE PLAN Approve Maricopa County/State of Arizona’s Palo Verde Generating Station Offsite Emergency Response Plan. The Plan will be valid until superseded by an updated version. The plan will be effective May 6, 2026. (C-15-26-012-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  50.MARICOPA COUNTY EMERGENCY OPERATIONS PLAN Approve the Letter of Promulgation and the Approval and Implementation Letter by the Chair of the Board of Supervisors for the 2026 Maricopa County Emergency Operations Plan (MCEOP). The Letter of Promulgation is signed by the jurisdiction’s senior elected or appointed official(s). The Approval and Implementation Letter is a signed statement formally recognizing and adopting the plan as the jurisdiction’s all-hazards Emergency Operations Plan (EOP). The implementation letter introduces the plan, outlines its applicability, and indicates that it supersedes all previous plans. It includes a delegation of authority for specific modifications that can be made to the plan and by whom they can be made without the senior official’s signature. These documents are required to be updated when a new senior elected official is selected (Board Chair). (C-15-26-013-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Finance - Finanzas 51.FUNDS TRANSFERS; WARRANTS - TRANSFERENCIAS DE FONDOS; WARRANTS Approve regular and routine fund transfers, warrant reports 4/03/2026 through 04/16/2026, from the operating funds to clearing funds including payroll, journal entries, allocations, loans, and paid claims and authorize the issuance of the appropriate related warrants. Pursuant to A.R.S. §11-217(D) and A.R.S. §11-623, said warrants and claims are on file in the Clerk of the Board’s office and retained in accordance with LAPR approved retention schedule. (C-18-26-062-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Human Resources - Recursos Humanos 52.AMEND ELECTION STAFF INCENTIVES Rescind the Temporary Election Staff Incentives approved on June 12, 2024 and approve the attached Maricopa County CY 2026 Election Premium Pay and Incentives effective May 6, 2026. (C-31-24-073-X-01) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  53.ELECTION SUPPORT CIVIC DUTY LEAVE Approve the attached Maricopa County Election Support Civic Duty Leave effective May 6, 2026. Civic Duty Leave allows County Employees to support County Elections and replaces the regular work hours they miss when they work an election (making them whole and not paying them above their standard hours). This helps Elections staff for critical, large elections. This Civic Duty Leave applies to the County’s elected offices, appointed departments, the Flood Control District of Maricopa County, and the Maricopa County Library District (Special Districts). The Board of Supervisors is authorized to jointly adopt policies applying to the Special Districts under the Intergovernmental Agreement, C-06-18-393-6-00, approved on April 11, 2018. (C-31-26-034-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Human Services - Servicios Humanos 54.AMENDMENT TO IGA WITH CITY OF SURPRISE FOR WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING SERVICES (Supervisorial District: 4) Approve financial Amendment No.2 to the Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) between City of Surprise (“City”) and Maricopa County (“County”), administered by its Human Services Department. The purpose of the Agreement is to integrate the County’s workforce development system into the City’s social and community services resource network.  The Parties agree to jointly support workforce development and training efforts that will enable the City’s employers to attract and retain top talent and to provide adult and youth services. Service activities shall be delivered at the City’s Resource Center (“Center”) located at 12425 West Bell Road, Building A, Suite 124, Surprise, Arizona 85378. A Maricopa County Workforce Development Division (WDD) Coordinator will provide services under this Agreement. The current Agreement term is July 1, 2023, through June 30, 2026.  The purpose of Amendment No. 2 is to address the following: A. Extend the Agreement expiration date from July 1, 2026, through June 30, 2028B. Revise Section 7.0 (Funding) to update funding for Fiscal Years 2027 and 2028. For Fiscal Year 2027, the City shall compensate the County in an amount not to exceed $61,701. For Fiscal Year 2028, the City shall compensate the County in an amount not to exceed $63,794.C. Revise and replace Paragraph 6.0 (Administrative Change Orders) with updated language as required.D. Add required Paragraphs to the Agreement. The City shall compensate the County a not to exceed amount of $125,495 for service delivery The Agreement is entered by the parties through a non-competitive process. The City will provide funding to the County to support the workforce development system provided in the City of Surprise area for the Agreement term. Cash, match, or in-kind are not applicable. The County does not have any obligations after the Agreement term. The services provided under this Agreement are not mandated services but provide a benefit to residents in the Surprise area as residents can receive job-seeking services and local employers are assisted with filling vacancies. The Human Services Department’s provisional indirect rate for FY2027 is 24% from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for salaries and employee related expenses. The Agreement funding amount is $125,495 of which $101,206 is for salaries and employee related expenses. The estimated recoverable indirect rate costs are $24,289 and fully recoverable. Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation, and therefore expenditure of the revenues is not prohibited by the budget law. The approval of the funding does not alter the budget constraining expenditures of local revenues duly adopted by the Board pursuant A.R.S. §42-17105. The overall grant budget will be adjusted as necessary to accommodate this grant through future budget reconciliation.  This Agreement does not contain County General funds. (C-22-23-121-X-02) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  55.IGA WITH ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY FOR INDUSTRY-DRIVEN SKILLS TRAINING GRANT PROGRAM (Supervisorial District: All) Approve a new financial Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) between Arizona Department of Economic Security (DES) and Maricopa County, administered by its Human Services Department. The purpose of the Agreement is for the County to identify employers with quality job openings in in-demand industries, with a special focus on paid training opportunities and connecting participants to these sustainable, higher-paying positions by implementing the requirements under the Industry Grant #25A60IN000010-01-01. Key industries include but are not limited to automotive (electric vehicles), aerospace, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, electronics, semiconductors, energy, and general industrial/high-volume goods. Maricopa County will receive administrative funding that will be used for staff costs for data entry, communication with employers, and reimbursement processing. The Agreement term is October 1, 2025, though September 30, 2029. Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) activities are mandated by the U.S. Department of Labor, as such, the funds are subject to all the provisions of Public Law 113-128 as well as any guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Labor and DES. DES shall provide the County with funding in the amount of $1,630,647 under assistance listing number 17.280, Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) Dislocated Worker National Reserve Demonstration Grants, which is authorized by U. S. Department of Labor discretionary grant No. 25A60IN000010-01-01 (Exhibit A). The budget period/period of performance is October 1, 2025, through June 30, 2029.  Funding for WIOA Title I Assistance Listing Number ALN #17.280 (Dislocated Worker $1,630,647) is authorized by a U.S. Department of Labor for each Program Year. DES contracts with the County on an annual reoccurring, non-competitive basis. There is no cash or in-kind match requirement, and no future or ongoing contributions are required after the Agreement period ends. The Human Services Department provisional indirect rate of 24% by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for FY2027 are for salaries and employee related expenses (ERE). The total Agreement funds are $1,630,647 of which $105,377 cost will be allocated for salaries and ERE. The total estimated indirect costs are $25,290 and are fully recoverable. Budget adjustments will be made when the indirect rate costs have been fully negotiated and shall be retroactive to October 1, 2025. The services administered by the Maricopa County Human Services Department Workforce Development Division ARIZONA@WORK - Maricopa County are not mandated services but provide a benefit to Maricopa County residents by providing assistance to job seekers with career and training opportunities, youth, dislocated workers, veterans and to employers that need to fill vacancies. Program services help to establish a stronger workforce in the local area.  Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation, and therefore, expenditure of the revenues is not prohibited by the budget law. This Grant award does not alter the budget constraining expenditures of local revenues duly adopted by the Board pursuant to A.R.S. 42-17105. The overall budget will be adjusted as necessary to accommodate the grant funding through a future reconciliation. Acceptance of this funding allocation will not impact the County’s General Fund. Also request authorization for the Chair to sign documents related to DES WIOA Intergovernmental Agreement related to funding changes. (C-22-26-035-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Medical Examiner - Médico Forense 56.FFY 2025 EDWARD BYRNE MEMORIAL JUSTICE GRANTS 1. Pursuant to A.R.S. 42-17106, approve acceptance of grant funds from the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Bureau of Justice Assistance, for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant (JAG) Program through the City of Phoenix. 2. Authorize the Chair of the Board of Supervisors to execute Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) between City of Phoenix, Maricopa County and City of Mesa. Because disparity exists between the City of Phoenix, Maricopa County and City of Mesa, an IGA is required pursuant to the grant application. This IGA includes allocation to City of Phoenix of $1,113,419 and $297,815 in funds reallocated to Maricopa County Office of the Medical Examiner (OME) ($112,217) and City of Mesa ($185,598). Grant awards are to be expended within two (2) year period of time, starting on October 1, 2026, and ending September 30, 2028. The City of Phoenix has been designated as the fiscal agent for this consortium and municipalities. 3. Authorize Chair of the Board to sign all documents related to the acceptance of the grant funds. 4. Authorize OME Administrative Director to sign all non-financial documents related to the grant application. 5. Pursuant to ARS §42-17106(B), direct the Office of Budget and Finance to increase the Office of the Medical Examiner (D290) Medical Examiner Grant Fund (224) Operating (OPER) FY 2027 Revised revenue and expenditure budget by $112,217 at the beginning of FY 2027. Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation and, therefore, expenditures of these revenues are not prohibited by the budget law. This budget adjustment does not alter the budget constraining the expenditures of local revenues duly adopted by the Board pursuant to A.R.S. 42-17105. The grant award is reoccurring and has been awarded to the department previously. The department has no in-kind match requirement or ongoing cash contributions during the grant award period. The grant allows up to 10% for administration which includes indirect costs. The grant award is not a mandated function but provides a benefit to the citizens by providing states and units of local governments with critical funding necessary to support a range of program areas including law enforcement, prosecution and court programs, prevention and education programs, corrections and community corrections, drug treatment and enforcement, crime victim and witness initiatives, and planning, evaluation, and technology improvement programs. The grant award is competitively bid and other eligible agencies may or may not bid on this grant award. Any unallowable indirect costs will be absorbed by the departments. The grant allows a 0% rate for indirect costs, or $0 which may be incurred by the Office of Medical Examiner or Maricopa County for the administration of this grant. The Maricopa County Department of Finance has calculated the Office of Medical Examiner's composite indirect cost rate at 17.74%, or $19,907.30. The recoverable indirect cost of administering this grant is $0; the non-recoverable indirect cost is $19,907.30. (C-29-26-003-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Procurement Services - Servicios de Adquisiciones 57.230037-ROQ, TERM ARCHITECTURAL SERVICES Approve a contract value increase of $7,999,999.00, $1,142,857 for each of the seven firms on the contract, for On-Call Term Architectural Services as requested by the Facilities Management Department (FMD) for work on projects at various County sites. This contract expenditure authorization will only be used if FMD has budgeted and approved projects to complete within the term of the contract which is set to expire on March 1, 2027. As each firm has different project experience it is difficult to identify in advance which firms may be requested to perform services for future jobs which drives the need that each firm has sufficient expenditure authority available.  The firms on the contract are; Arrington Watkins, BWS Architects, DPS Architects, DWL Architects, EMC2 Group, GH2 Architects, and Gensler. The increase is due to an increased estimated usage of the contract through March 1, 2027, by the Facilities Management Department for projects, examples of which are: East Valley Public Health Building, West Courts Building, County-wide building assessments, Watkins Jail and the West Valley Public Health building.  This contract was originally awarded for a term of three years by the Board of Supervisors on March 1, 2023 and was renewed for a term of one year on February 19, 2026, by the Chief Procurement Officer. (C-73-23-061-X-01) (C-73-23-061-X-01) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  58.260103-CI, STAFFING SERVICES AND RELATED SERVICES AND SOLUTIONS Approve the Contract between Maricopa County and Acro Service Corporation for professional services for staffing related services and solutions for various County departments on an as-needed basis. This competition impracticable request is necessary to supplement and assure critical staffing needs for upcoming elections and current federally funded staff positions where funding expires on December 31, 2026. Introducing a new provider was considered impracticable at this time, based on the ability to ensure staffing pools are sufficient to meet the County needs, which includes election support. This agreement will allow the County time to develop a new solicitation as a long-term solution and maintain continuity of operations. This request is at an estimate of $13,000,000.00 over one year until June 30, 2027, with the option to renew up to a maximum of one additional year. The effective date of the contract will be July 1, 2026. This contract will replace the County’s current contract 16111-RFP expiring on June 30, 2026. Fee discounts negotiated for this contract are anticipated to result in $260,000 in savings based on the previous years spending pattern. (C-73-26-037-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  59.250137-RFP, MAIL ROOM OPERATIONS AND DELIVERY SERVICES Approve the contract for award between Maricopa County and XBP Enterprise Solutions Inc. The purpose of the contract is to provide Maricopa County with professional services to operate and manage the County Mail Room. Services include internal and external mail delivery, United States Postal Service (USPS) mail processing, and other ancillary mail duties, such as managing existing USPS postal boxes, mail presorting and daily postage monitoring for the County at an estimate of $5,000,000.00 over four years and nine months until June 30, 2031, with the option to renew up to a maximum of five additional years. The effective date of the contract will be September 1, 2026. This contract will replace the County’s current contract 04191-RFP. (C-73-26-038-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Public Health - Salud Pública 60.AMENDMENT TO IGA WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH WORKER PRACTICUM Approve Amendment two (2) between Arizona Department of Economic Security (ADES) and Maricopa County by and through its Department of Public Health (MCDPH) for Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) DI24-002413 which supports health care coordination, health education, and wellness group organizations through the funding of Community Health Worker candidate practicums.  Pursuant to the Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) Section 17, Amendments, the Parties hereby agree to amend the Agreement as follows:  1. The Itemized Service Budget, Exhibit A, for May 01, 2025, through September 30, 2026, is revised. The total allocation remains $99,108.33.2. The revised Itemized Service Budget, Exhibit A, is being replaced and attached. All other terms and conditions of the original contract shall remain in full force and effect. (C-86-24-175-X-02) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  61.AMENDMENT FOR SUBSTANCE USE BUSINESS TOOLKITS Approve Amendment 1 to contract PH RFP 250104 between Maricopa County, by and through the Department of Public Health, and Valley Leadership Corporation.  Section 1.0, Contract Term, shall be updated to reflect a new expiration date of June 30, 2027. Exhibit A, Budget Detail and Narrative, shall be updated with the addition of Exhibit A-2 Year 2 Budget Sheet & Narrative. An additional $349,998 shall be added for the budget period of July 1, 2026 – June 30, 2027, making the new not to exceed (NTE) $699,996. Exhibit C-2, Year 2 Scope of Work, shall be added for services from July 1, 2026 – June 30, 2027. This amendment includes the addition of Exhibit E, Year 2 Renewal Form, and Exhibit F, Year 2 Work Plan & Timeline. All other terms and conditions of the original contract shall remain in full force and effect.The purpose of the contract is supported by the One Arizona Agreement, aiming to expand the adoption and impact of an Opioid Business Toolkit that assists businesses in developing and implementing workplace policies addressing opioid use disorder (OUD). Businesses play a vital role in the community, as the effects of opioid misuse extend beyond individual employees to their families and the broader workforce. Workplace policies that reduce stigma, support employees, and connect individuals to care contribute to healthier, more resilient communities. (C-86-26-041-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  62.CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (OR SENIOR OFFICIAL) OF THE APPLICANT GOVERNMENT FOR GRANT APPLICATION WITH THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Approve the Certification by the Chief Executive Officer (or senior official) of the Applicant Government for the Maricopa County Department of Public Health (MCDPH), Office of Grants Management (OGM) to be able to apply for The U.S. Department of Justice (USDOJ), Office of Justice Programs (OJP) Grant Application for a Comprehensive Opioid, Stimulant, and Substance Use, Site-Based Program. The purpose of this agreement is to certify that the Chief Executive Officer (Or Senior Official) is in support of this application and affirms that all the items listed in Appendix 1 are true and correct. This is a required form of the Grant Application. (C-86-26-042-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  63.NOTICE OF AWARD WITH HEALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES ADMINISTRATION FOR HEALTHY START INITIATIVE Approve Notice of Award (NOA) 5 H49MC00174‐26‐00 from the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) to Maricopa County by and through its Department of Public Health (MCDPH) to provide support for negative maternal health outcomes for the Healthy Start Initiative (HSI) program.   The NOA's not-to-exceed amount is $367,620.00 for the period April 01, 2026, through March 31, 2027.  The term of the award is May 01, 2024, through March 31, 2029.    HRSA’s Healthy Start grant award is reoccurring and has been awarded to the department in the past. This is a non-competing continuation and there is no in-kind match or ongoing cash contributions required.  This is not a mandated service but provides valuable benefits to Maricopa County residents.  All program costs are allocated to the grant so there will be no additional burden on the Department’s operating budget.    The Department of Health’s indirect rate for FY26 is 16.69%.  Indirect costs are estimated at $52,580.15, all of which are recoverable.  Departmental indirect rates are re-established at the beginning of each fiscal year, and any future indirect rate will be collected at the corresponding rates.    Grant revenues are not local revenues for the purpose of the constitutional expenditure limitation, and therefore, expenditure of the revenues is not prohibited by the budget law. This Amendment does not alter the budget constraining expenditures of local revenues duly adopted by the Board pursuant to A.R.S. 42-17105. The overall grant budget will be adjusted as necessary to accommodate this grant through a future reconciliation. Funding for this Agreement is provided by HRSA and will not affect the County’s General Fund. (C-86-24-181-X-04) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  64.REAPPOINTMENT TO THE GREATER PHOENIX RYAN WHITE HIV SERVICES PLANNING COUNCIL Approve the following reappointment to the Greater Phoenix Ryan White HIV Services Planning Council (Council). All terms will be effective upon Board approval. 1. Eric Eason (Community Member) reappointment. Term effective May 6, 2026, through May 5, 2029. (C-86-26-040-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Transportation - Transportación 65.CONTRACT WITH MICHAEL BAKER INTERNATIONAL, INC. FOR ON-CALL PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERING AND DESIGN SERVICES (Supervisorial District 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5) Approve Contract No. 2026-018 with Michael Baker International, Inc. for On-Call Professional Engineering Services for various design and post design services for MCDOT TIP (Transportation Improvement Program) projects.  This contract shall be effective for a period of one thousand and ninety-five (1095) calendar days, with two (2) one-year renewal options, or the expenditure of three million dollars ($3,000,000.00), whichever occurs first. A range of design support and project management services are anticipated under this On-Call Professional Engineering and Design Services contract within the scoping, design, and construction phase of project delivery.  The Consultant will provide professional services in the area of: roadway plan and profile drawings; preparation of cost estimate quantity takeoffs; preparation of project specifications; preparation of preliminary design or scoping documents; provide post-design services; technical memorandums; design of intersection improvements; pavement rehabilitation; design of highway structures (box culverts, headwalls, retaining walls, bridges, scour protection); Value Engineering; and economic analysis. A detailed scope of work will be included for each work assignment for every project phase.  PERFORMANCE INFORMATION:Program: TIPActivity: Design and Post DesignPerformance Measure: TIP Project Completion within budget and schedule.Anticipated Results: TIP DeliveryFUNDING: (Expenditure Impact by FY’s) FY2026: $3,000.000.00 (C-64-26-150-X-00)    Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  66.CONTRACT WITH BURGESS & NIPLE, INC. FOR ON-CALL PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERING AND DESIGN SERVICES (Supervisorial District 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5) Approve Contract No. 2026-016 with Burgess & Niple, Inc. for On-Call Professional Engineering Services for various design and post design services for MCDOT TIP (Transportation Improvement Program) projects. This contract shall be effective for a period of one thousand and ninety-five (1095) calendar days, with two (2) one-year renewal options, or the expenditure of three million dollars ($3,000,000.00), whichever occurs first. A range of design support and project management services are anticipated under this On-Call Professional Engineering and Design Services contract within the scoping, design, and construction phase of project delivery.  The Consultant will provide professional services in the area of: roadway plan and profile drawings; preparation of cost estimate quantity takeoffs; preparation of project specifications; preparation of preliminary design or scoping documents; provide post-design services; technical memorandums; design of intersection improvements; pavement rehabilitation; design of highway structures (box culverts, headwalls, retaining walls, bridges, scour protection); Value Engineering; and economic analysis. A detailed scope of work will be included for each work assignment for every project phase.    PERFORMANCE INFORMATION: Program: TIPActivity: Design and Post DesignPerformance Measure: TIP Project Completion within budget and schedule.Anticipated Results: TIP Delivery FUNDING: (Expenditure Impact by FY’s) FY2026: $3,000.000.00 (C-64-26-153-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  67.CONTRACT WITH HDR ENGINEERING, INC. FOR ON-CALL PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERING AND DESIGN SERVICES (Supervisorial District 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5) Approve Contract No. 2026-017 with HDR Engineering, Inc. for On-Call Professional Engineering Services for various design and post design services for MCDOT TIP (Transportation Improvement Program) projects. This contract shall be effective for a period of one thousand and ninety-five (1095) calendar days, with two (2) one-year renewal options, or the expenditure of three million dollars ($3,000,000.00), whichever occurs first. A range of design support and project management services are anticipated under this On-Call Professional Engineering and Design Services contract within the scoping, design, and construction phase of project delivery.  The Consultant will provide professional services in the area of: roadway plan and profile drawings; preparation of cost estimate quantity takeoffs; preparation of project specifications; preparation of preliminary design or scoping documents; provide post-design services; technical memorandums; design of intersection improvements; pavement rehabilitation; design of highway structures (box culverts, headwalls, retaining walls, bridges, scour protection); Value Engineering; and economic analysis. A detailed scope of work will be included for each work assignment for every project phase.  PERFORMANCE INFORMATION: Program: TIPActivity: Design and Post DesignPerformance Measure: TIP Project Completion within budget and schedule.Anticipated Results: TIP Delivery   FUNDING: (Expenditure Impact by FY’s) FY2026: $3,000.000.00 (C-64-26-152-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  68.CONTRACT WITH WSP USA INC. FOR ON-CALL PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERING AND DESIGN SERVICES (Supervisorial District 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5) Approve Contract No. 2026-019 with WSP USA Inc. for On-Call Professional Engineering Services for various design and post design services for MCDOT TIP (Transportation Improvement Program) projects.  This contract shall be effective for a period of one thousand and ninety-five (1095) calendar days, with two (2) one-year renewal options, or the expenditure of three million dollars ($3,000,000.00), whichever occurs first. A range of design support and project management services are anticipated under this On-Call Professional Engineering and Design Services contract within the scoping, design, and construction phase of project delivery.  The Consultant will provide professional services in the area of: roadway plan and profile drawings; preparation of cost estimate quantity takeoffs; preparation of project specifications; preparation of preliminary design or scoping documents; provide post-design services; technical memorandums; design of intersection improvements; pavement rehabilitation; design of highway structures (box culverts, headwalls, retaining walls, bridges, scour protection); Value Engineering; and economic analysis. A detailed scope of work will be included for each work assignment for every project phase.   PERFORMANCE INFORMATION:Program: TIPActivity: Design and Post DesignPerformance Measure: TIP Project Completion within budget and schedule.Anticipated Results: TIP DeliveryFUNDING: (Expenditure Impact by FY’s) FY2026: $3,000.000.00 (C-64-26-151-X-00)    Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  69.IGA WITH THE TOWN OF GILBERT TO WAIVE TRAFFIC CONTROL PERMIT FEES (Supervisorial District 1)     Approve the Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) between Maricopa County and the Town of Gilbert to waive traffic control permit fees in certain situations. Under the Intergovernmental Agreement, the Parties agree to reciprocally waive traffic control permit fees for projects meeting specific requirements. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date it is executed by all the governing bodies of the Parties and shall remain in full force and effect until all stipulations previously indicated have been satisfied.  This Agreement may be amended only upon written agreement by all Parties. This Agreement will allow for traffic control permit fees to be waived when the Town has a project adjacent to or near County right of way, the County is not a partner to the project, and the Town needs to place traffic control in County right of way for appropriate notice and safety. The traffic control permit fees would be waived for County projects meeting the same conditions. Both Parties are required to submit traffic control plans and follow standard permitting requirements. (C-64-26-154-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  SETTING OF HEARINGS - CONFIGURACIÓN DE AUDIENCIAS~All hearings will be held at 9:30 am, 205 W. Jefferson, Phoenix, unless otherwise noted~~Todas las audiciones será tenidas a las 9:30 de la Mañana, 205 W. Jefferson, Phoenix, amenos que de otromodo notado~ Clerk of the Board Setting of Hearings - Configuración de Audiencias de la Secretaria de la Junta 70.BINGO LICENSE APPLICATION FOR S.V.P. SUMMER BINGO (Supervisorial District: 2) Pursuant to A.R.S. § 5-404(I), receive the application filed by S.V.P. Summer Bingo for a Class A Bingo License to be used at 11101 East University Drive, Apache Junction, Arizona 85120 and set a public hearing to be held on May 20, 2026 at 9:30 am.  At the hearing, the Board of Supervisors will recommend approval or disapproval of the application and forward the original application endorsed with its approval or disapproval to the Arizona Department of Revenue. (C-06-26-308-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Planning and Development Setting of Hearings - Configuración De Audiencias de Planificación y Desarrollo 71.PLANNING AND ZONING SETTING OF HEARING Schedule the following items for public hearing at the May 20, 2026 Board Hearing: Z250032 – SWC Val Vista Dr and Chandler Heights Rd – Dist. 1  Z260037 – Arizona Self Storage on Lindsay – Dist. 1Z260004 – Dakota Creek Modification of Conditions – Dist. 4CPA260002 - Maricopa County Comprehensive Plan – All Districts (C-44-26-096-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  Transportation Setting of Hearings - Configuración De Audiencias de Transportación 72.ROAD FILE 6038 (Supervisorial District: 4) Set a hearing for June 10, 2026 to adopt a resolution for Road File 6038 to declare streets in Northern Farms as shown in Book 1539 of Maps, Page 29 into the County Road System. In accordance with A.R.S. 28-6701 and 28-6702, it is recommended by the Department of Transportation Director, that the Board of Supervisors Open and Declare the following streets in Northern Farms into the County Road System, Road File 6038. OPEN AND DECLAREROAD FILE 6038 All streets consistent with the rights-of-way and appurtenances as depicted in “Northern Farms”, a subdivision recorded in Book 1539 of Maps, Page 29, Maricopa County Records, lying in a portion of Section 36 – T3N, R2W, Maricopa County, Arizona.Containing 10.15 Acres. A map or plat depicting such streets is attached. General Vicinity: Olive Avenue and Cotton Lane, lying within Supervisorial District 4, in an unincorporated area. In addition, direct the Clerk of the Board to record the Board of Supervisors’ resolution with the County Recorder. (C-64-26-148-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo 73.ROAD FILE 6037 (Supervisorial District: 4) Set a hearing for June 10, 2026 to adopt a resolution for Road File 6037 to declare streets in White Tank Foothills Parcel 1.1 as shown in Book 1525 of Maps, Page 10 into the County Road System. In accordance with A.R.S. 28-6701 and 28-6702, it is recommended by the Department of Transportation Director, that the Board of Supervisors Open and Declare the following streets in White Tank Foothills Parcel 1.1 into the County Road System, Road File 6037. OPEN AND DECLAREROAD FILE 6037 All streets consistent with the rights-of-way and appurtenances as depicted in “White Tank Foothills Parcel 1.1”, a subdivision recorded in Book 1525 of Maps, Page 10, Maricopa County Records, lying in a portion of Section 34 – T3N, R2W, Maricopa County, Arizona. Containing 3.36 Acres. A map or plat depicting such streets is attached. General Vicinity: Olive Avenue and Citrus Road, lying within Supervisorial District 4, in an unincorporated area. In addition, direct the Clerk of the Board to record the Board of Supervisors’ resolution with the County Recorder. (C-64-26-149-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  County Attorney 74.SET HEARING FOR PROPOSED ORDINANCE P-37 HUMAN WASTE Pursuant to A.R.S. § 11-251.05, set a public hearing for June 10, 2026, to solicit comments and consider the adoption of proposed Human Waste Ordinance No. P-37. The proposed ordinance prohibits urination and defecation in any public area other than a designated restroom.   The proposed Human Waste Ordinance No. P-37 is as follows: 37.1 Defecation and urination shall not occur in any public location not specifically intended and marked for that purpose. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, sidewalks, parks, bus stops, roadsides, and empty lots.  37.2  No feces, urine, or soiled toilet paper shall be left or abandoned in any public location not specifically designated to hold human waste and/or hazardous materials. (C-19-26-109-X-00)   Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  BOARD OF SUPERVISORS REGULAR AGENDA - AGENDA REGULAR DE LA JUNTA DE SUPERVISORES Emergency Management BOARD OF SUPERVISORS ADDENDUM - ADÉNDUM DE LA JUNTA DE SUPERVISORES Justice Courts 75.TERMINATION OF COURT SERVICES AGREEMENT WITH THE TOWN OF QUEEN CREEK (Supervisory District: 1) Due to increasing judicial productivity points, limited resources and lack of adequate reimbursement from the Town of Queen Creek for services provided, reject Town of Queen Creek’s letter extending the term of the Intergovernmental Agreement for court services approved under #C-24-22-004-X-00 / G-30231.  Additionally, approve and execute early termination of Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) with the Town of Queen Creek under #C-24-22-004-X-00 / G-30231 for court services effective thirty days after the last certified mailing receipt or personal delivery to the town and its attorney.  Early termination for convenience with thirty-day advanced notice is permitted under the IGA under section 10.3.  The original term of the IGA expires 10/20/2026. This matter was heard in Executive Session on the May 4, 2026. (C-24-26-007-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Thomas Galvin, Steve GallardoNay: Mark Stewart  County Attorney 76.RELEASE OF JUDGMENT LIEN AGAINST 10504 E. MERCURY DRIVE, APACHE JUNCTION, AZ 85120 (Supervisor District: 2)  Approve a release of judgment lien against 10504 E. Mercury Drive, Apache Junction, AZ 85120. The judgment awarded civil penalties for Health Code and Zoning Ordinance violations, which will be resolved by the prospective buyer who has signed a Compliance Agreement. Approval of a release of judgment lien would not settle or release the judgment against the original owner for the Health Code and Zoning Ordinance violations. This matter was heard in Executive Section on May 4, 2026. (C-19-26-111-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Thomas Galvin  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  77.INITIATE LITIGATION REGARDING ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH CODE, ARIZONA ADMINISTRATIVE CODE AND ARIZONA REVISED STATUTES VIOLATIONS AT 17602 NORTH CAVE CREEK ROAD, PHOENIX, AZ 85032, APN 214-08- 006A, APN 214-08-006C, AND APN 214-08-030 (Supervisor District: 3)  Authorize the Maricopa County Attorney to pursue litigation to enforce Environmental Health Code, Arizona Administrative Code and Arizona Revised Statutes violations against the property located at 17602 North Cave Creek Road, Phoenix, AZ 85032, APN 214-08- 006A, APN 214-08-006C, and APN 214-08-030 and to obtain a judgment for civil penalties and injunctive relief. This matter was heard in Executive Session on May 4, 2026. (C-19-26-112-X-00) Motion to approve by Supervisor Debbie Lesko, seconded by Supervisor Thomas Galvin  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  FLOOD CONTROL DISTRICT AGENDA - AGENDA DE DISTRITO DE CONTROL DE INUNDACIONES The Board of Directors of the Flood Control District convened in Formal Session at 9:30 AM on Wednesday, May 6, 2026, in the Supervisors' Auditorium 205 W. Jefferson Phoenix, AZ 85003, with the following members present:  Kate Brophy McGee, Chair, District 3; Debbie Lesko, Vice Chair, District 4; Mark Stewart, Director, District 1; Thomas Galvin, Director, District 2; Steve Gallardo, Director, District 5. Also present: Juanita Garza, Clerk; Mia Vargas, Minutes Coordinator (remote); Jen Pokorski, County Manager; Andrea Cummings, Legal Counsel. 78.AMENDMENT TO IGA WITH THE TOWN OF FOUNTAIN HILLS FOR THE GOLDEN EAGLE PARK DAM DEBRIS MITIGATION IMPROVEMENTS PROJECT (Supervisorial District: 2) Approve Amendment No. 5 Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) FCD 2020A010 for the Golden Eagle Park Dam Debris Mitigation Improvements Project between the Town of Fountain Hills (Town) and the Flood Control District of Maricopa County (District). The purpose of this Amendment is to extend the PROJECT construction and funding from June 30, 2026, to June 30, 2027.  All other terms and conditions of the IGA remain the same. The Town proposed the Project for the District’s evaluation under the District’s Small Project Assistance Program for Fiscal Year 2021. This IGA is proposed in accordance with the terms of the Small Project Assistance Program, adopted by the Board under Resolution FCD 2022R003 (C-69-23-013-X-00). The estimated total Project cost is $121,000. The District’s estimated share of the Project cost is $90,750 and is limited to $500,000; the Town’s estimated share of the Project cost is $30,250. The Town will operate and maintain the completed Project. The Project will reduce the flood hazard to the Golden Eagle Park and to roadways in the vicinity, both of which have experienced historic flooding. (C-69-21-000-X-05) Motion to approve by Director Debbie Lesko, seconded by Director Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  79.PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND CONVEYANCE DOCUMENTS FOR SALE OF REAL PROPERTY FCD FP-010-EX (Supervisorial District: 3) Approve and execute purchase agreement and conveyance documents and all other documents approved by legal counsel require to complete the transaction. Pursuant to A.R.S. §48-3603(I), the Flood Control District (District) requests the Board of Directors approve the sale of FCD Parcel FP-010-EX (APN 211-51-002F) and authorize the Chair to execute a deed by and between Flood Control District of Maricopa County as Seller, and Robert Stanley Morris III and Melissa Jean Morris, husband and wife, as community property with right of survivorship, as Buyer, and authorize the Chair to sign all other documents approved by legal counsel required to dispose of/transfer the property without further Board action.  This District property was purchased as part of the Flood Control District of Maricopa County’s Floodprone Property Assistance Program and was declared excess to the needs of the District by the Board of Directors on January 28, 2026 (C-69-26-020-X-00). On February 6, 2026, District parcel FP-010-EX was appraised at a value of $72,500.00. On March 19, 2026, the Maricopa County Real Estate Department held a public auction for District parcels FP-010-EX that resulted in a winning bid of $72,500.00. (C-69-26-032-X-00) Motion to approve by Director Debbie Lesko, seconded by Director Steve Gallardo  Ayes: Kate Brophy McGee, Debbie Lesko, Mark Stewart, Thomas Galvin, Steve Gallardo  CALL TO THE PUBLIC - LLAMADO AL PUBLICO 80.Public comment on matters pertaining to Maricopa County government. Please limit comments to two minutes. Note that pursuant to Arizona Open Meeting Law, Board members may not discuss matters raised under this public comment portion of the meeting; however, an individual Board member may respond to criticism made by those who have addressed the Board, ask staff to review an issue raised or may ask that the matter be placed on a future agenda. (Public comment is at the discretion of the Chairman.)  If you would like to send a written comment, please send email to agenda.comments@maricopa.gov . Written comments will be summarized at the meeting noting the topic or topics.  All written comments will be forwarded to each Board Office for their review. Comentarios del público sobre las materias relacionadas con el gobierno del Condado de Maricopa. Por favor limite sus comentarios a dos minutos. Tenga en cuenta que de conformidad con el Derecho de Reunión Abierta de Arizona, miembros de la Junta no podrán abordar las cuestiones planteadas en esta parte de comentario público de la reunión, sin embargo, un miembro de la Junta individuo puede responder a las críticas de quienes se han ocupado de la Junta, pida al personal para examinar una cuestión planteada o puede pedir que la cuestión se incluya en una agenda de futuro. (Comentario público es a discreción del Presidente.)  Si le gustaría mandar sus comentarios por escrito favor de enviarlos por correo electrónico a agenda.comments@maricopa.gov.  Comentarios escritos se resumirán en la reunión tomando nota del tema o temas.  Todos los comentarios escritos se remitirán a cada Oficina de la Junta para su revisión. SUMMARY OF CURRENT EVENTS - EL RESUMEN DE TEMAS DE ACTUALIDAD 81.Supervisors'/County Manager's summary of current events - Resumen de temas de actualidad de los Supervisores/Administrador del Condado 